1Pet_2	1	Wherefore laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, and all evil speakings,
1Pet_2	2	As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby:
1Pet_2	3	If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious.
1Pet_2	4	To whom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and precious,
1Pet_2	5	Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.
1Pet_2	6	Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture, Behold, I lay in Sion a chief corner stone, elect, precious: and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded.
1Pet_2	7	Unto you therefore which believe he is precious: but unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner,
1Pet_2	8	And a stone of stumbling, and a rock of offence, even to them which stumble at the word, being disobedient: whereunto also they were appointed.
1Pet_2	9	But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light:
1Pet_2	10	Which in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God: which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy.
1Pet_2	11	Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul;
1Pet_2	12	Having your conversation honest among the Gentiles: that, whereas they speak against you as evildoers, they may by your good works, which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation.
1Pet_2	13	Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake: whether it be to the king, as supreme;
1Pet_2	14	Or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well.
1Pet_2	15	For so is the will of God, that with well doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men:
1Pet_2	16	As free, and not using your liberty for a cloke of maliciousness, but as the servants of God.
1Pet_2	17	Honour all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honour the king.
1Pet_2	18	Servants, be subject to your masters with all fear; not only to the good and gentle, but also to the froward.
1Pet_2	19	For this is thankworthy, if a man for conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully.
1Pet_2	20	For what glory is it, if, when ye be buffeted for your faults, ye shall take it patiently? but if, when ye do well, and suffer for it, ye take it patiently, this is acceptable with God.
1Pet_2	21	For even hereunto were ye called: because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps:
1Pet_2	22	Who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth:
1Pet_2	23	Who, when he was reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered, he threatened not; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously:
1Pet_2	24	Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.
1Pet_2	25	For ye were as sheep going astray; but are now returned unto the Shepherd and Bishop of your souls.
2Cor_11	1	Would to God ye could bear with me a little in my folly: and indeed bear with me.
2Cor_11	2	For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ.
2Cor_11	3	But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ.
2Cor_11	4	For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received, or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with him.
2Cor_11	5	For I suppose I was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles.
2Cor_11	6	But though I be rude in speech, yet not in knowledge; but we have been throughly made manifest among you in all things.
2Cor_11	7	Have I committed an offence in abasing myself that ye might be exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely?
2Cor_11	8	I robbed other churches, taking wages of them, to do you service.
2Cor_11	9	And when I was present with you, and wanted, I was chargeable to no man: for that which was lacking to me the brethren which came from Macedonia supplied: and in all things I have kept myself from being burdensome unto you, and so will I keep myself.
2Cor_11	10	As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia.
2Cor_11	11	Wherefore? because I love you not? God knoweth.
2Cor_11	12	But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut off occasion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, they may be found even as we.
2Cor_11	13	For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ.
2Cor_11	14	And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.
2Cor_11	15	Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works.
2Cor_11	16	I say again, Let no man think me a fool; if otherwise, yet as a fool receive me, that I may boast myself a little.
2Cor_11	17	That which I speak, I speak it not after the Lord, but as it were foolishly, in this confidence of boasting.
2Cor_11	18	Seeing that many glory after the flesh, I will glory also.
2Cor_11	19	For ye suffer fools gladly, seeing ye yourselves are wise.
2Cor_11	20	For ye suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if a man devour you, if a man take of you, if a man exalt himself, if a man smite you on the face.
2Cor_11	21	I speak as concerning reproach, as though we had been weak. Howbeit whereinsoever any is bold, (I speak foolishly,) I am bold also.
2Cor_11	22	Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are they the seed of Abraham? so am I.
2Cor_11	23	Are they ministers of Christ? (I speak as a fool) I am more; in labours more abundant, in stripes above measure, in prisons more frequent, in deaths oft.
2Cor_11	24	Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one.
2Cor_11	25	Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I have been in the deep;
2Cor_11	26	In journeyings often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils by mine own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren;
2Cor_11	27	In weariness and painfulness, in watchings often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness.
2Cor_11	28	Beside those things that are without, that which cometh upon me daily, the care of all the churches.
2Cor_11	29	Who is weak, and I am not weak? who is offended, and I burn not?
2Cor_11	30	If I must needs glory, I will glory of the things which concern mine infirmities.
2Cor_11	31	The God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is blessed for evermore, knoweth that I lie not.
2Cor_11	32	In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the Damascenes with a garrison, desirous to apprehend me:
2Cor_11	33	And through a window in a basket was I let down by the wall, and escaped his hands.
Col_1	1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother,
Col_1	2	To the saints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Col_1	3	We give thanks to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, praying always for you,
Col_1	4	Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which ye have to all the saints,
Col_1	5	For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof ye heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel;
Col_1	6	Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye heard of it, and knew the grace of God in truth:
Col_1	7	As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ;
Col_1	8	Who also declared unto us your love in the Spirit.
Col_1	9	For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you, and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding;
Col_1	10	That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God;
Col_1	11	Strengthened with all might, according to his glorious power, unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness;
Col_1	12	Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light:
Col_1	13	Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son:
Col_1	14	In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins:
Col_1	15	Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature:
Col_1	16	For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:
Col_1	17	And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.
Col_1	18	And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence.
Col_1	19	For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell;
Col_1	20	And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself; by him, I say, whether they be things in earth, or things in heaven.
Col_1	21	And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled
Col_1	22	In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight:
Col_1	23	If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister;
Col_1	24	Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake, which is the church:
Col_1	25	Whereof I am made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfil the word of God;
Col_1	26	Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints:
Col_1	27	To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory:
Col_1	28	Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus:
Col_1	29	Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which worketh in me mightily.
Deut_24	1	When a man hath taken a wife, and married her, and it come to pass that she find no favour in his eyes, because he hath found some uncleanness in her: then let him write her a bill of divorcement, and give it in her hand, and send her out of his house.
Deut_24	2	And when she is departed out of his house, she may go and be another man's wife.
Deut_24	3	And if the latter husband hate her, and write her a bill of divorcement, and giveth it in her hand, and sendeth her out of his house; or if the latter husband die, which took her to be his wife;
Deut_24	4	Her former husband, which sent her away, may not take her again to be his wife, after that she is defiled; for that is abomination before the LORD: and thou shalt not cause the land to sin, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance.
Deut_24	5	When a man hath taken a new wife, he shall not go out to war, neither shall he be charged with any business: but he shall be free at home one year, and shall cheer up his wife which he hath taken.
Deut_24	6	No man shall take the nether or the upper millstone to pledge: for he taketh a man's life to pledge.
Deut_24	7	If a man be found stealing any of his brethren of the children of Israel, and maketh merchandise of him, or selleth him; then that thief shall die; and thou shalt put evil away from among you.
Deut_24	8	Take heed in the plague of leprosy, that thou observe diligently, and do according to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you: as I commanded them, so ye shall observe to do.
Deut_24	9	Remember what the LORD thy God did unto Miriam by the way, after that ye were come forth out of Egypt.
Deut_24	10	When thou dost lend thy brother any thing, thou shalt not go into his house to fetch his pledge.
Deut_24	11	Thou shalt stand abroad, and the man to whom thou dost lend shall bring out the pledge abroad unto thee.
Deut_24	12	And if the man be poor, thou shalt not sleep with his pledge:
Deut_24	13	In any case thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun goeth down, that he may sleep in his own raiment, and bless thee: and it shall be righteousness unto thee before the LORD thy God.
Deut_24	14	Thou shalt not oppress an hired servant that is poor and needy, whether he be of thy brethren, or of thy strangers that are in thy land within thy gates:
Deut_24	15	At his day thou shalt give him his hire, neither shall the sun go down upon it; for he is poor, and setteth his heart upon it: lest he cry against thee unto the LORD, and it be sin unto thee.
Deut_24	16	The fathers shall not be put to death for the children, neither shall the children be put to death for the fathers: every man shall be put to death for his own sin.
Deut_24	17	Thou shalt not pervert the judgment of the stranger, nor of the fatherless; nor take a widow's raiment to pledge:
Deut_24	18	But thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in Egypt, and the LORD thy God redeemed thee thence: therefore I command thee to do this thing.
Deut_24	19	When thou cuttest down thine harvest in thy field, and hast forgot a sheaf in the field, thou shalt not go again to fetch it: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow: that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hands.
Deut_24	20	When thou beatest thine olive tree, thou shalt not go over the boughs again: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow.
Deut_24	21	When thou gatherest the grapes of thy vineyard, thou shalt not glean it afterward: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow.
Deut_24	22	And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of Egypt: therefore I command thee to do this thing.
Eph_1	1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus:
Eph_1	2	Grace be to you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
Eph_1	3	Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ:
Eph_1	4	According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:
Eph_1	5	Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will,
Eph_1	6	To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved.
Eph_1	7	In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;
Eph_1	8	Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence;
Eph_1	9	Having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself:
Eph_1	10	That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth; even in him:
Eph_1	11	In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will:
Eph_1	12	That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ.
Eph_1	13	In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,
Eph_1	14	Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory.
Eph_1	15	Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints,
Eph_1	16	Cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers;
Eph_1	17	That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him:
Eph_1	18	The eyes of your understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints,
Eph_1	19	And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,
Eph_1	20	Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places,
Eph_1	21	Far above all principality, and power, and might, and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come:
Eph_1	22	And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church,
Eph_1	23	Which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all.
Eph_2	1	And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins;
Eph_2	2	Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience:
Eph_2	3	Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others.
Eph_2	4	But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us,
Eph_2	5	Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)
Eph_2	6	And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:
Eph_2	7	That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus.
Eph_2	8	For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
Eph_2	9	Not of works, lest any man should boast.
Eph_2	10	For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.
Eph_2	11	Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called the Circumcision in the flesh made by hands;
Eph_2	12	That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:
Eph_2	13	But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ.
Eph_2	14	For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us;
Eph_2	15	Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace;
Eph_2	16	And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby:
Eph_2	17	And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh.
Eph_2	18	For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father.
Eph_2	19	Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;
Eph_2	20	And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone;
Eph_2	21	In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord:
Eph_2	22	In whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit.
Eph_3	1	For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles,
Eph_3	2	If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you-ward:
Eph_3	3	How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery; (as I wrote afore in few words,
Eph_3	4	Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ)
Eph_3	5	Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit;
Eph_3	6	That the Gentiles should be fellowheirs, and of the same body, and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel:
Eph_3	7	Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power.
Eph_3	8	Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;
Eph_3	9	And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ:
Eph_3	10	To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,
Eph_3	11	According to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord:
Eph_3	12	In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him.
Eph_3	13	Wherefore I desire that ye faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory.
Eph_3	14	For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,
Eph_3	15	Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named,
Eph_3	16	That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;
Eph_3	17	That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love,
Eph_3	18	May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height;
Eph_3	19	And to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God.
Eph_3	20	Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,
Eph_3	21	Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen.
Eph_4	1	I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called,
Eph_4	2	With all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love;
Eph_4	3	Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.
Eph_4	4	There is one body, and one Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling;
Eph_4	5	One Lord, one faith, one baptism,
Eph_4	6	One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all.
Eph_4	7	But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ.
Eph_4	8	Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men.
Eph_4	9	(Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first into the lower parts of the earth?
Eph_4	10	He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all things.)
Eph_4	11	And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;
Eph_4	12	For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:
Eph_4	13	Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ:
Eph_4	14	That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive;
Eph_4	15	But speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ:
Eph_4	16	From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love.
Eph_4	17	This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind,
Eph_4	18	Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their heart:
Eph_4	19	Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness.
Eph_4	20	But ye have not so learned Christ;
Eph_4	21	If so be that ye have heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus:
Eph_4	22	That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts;
Eph_4	23	And be renewed in the spirit of your mind;
Eph_4	24	And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.
Eph_4	25	Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour: for we are members one of another.
Eph_4	26	Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath:
Eph_4	27	Neither give place to the devil.
Eph_4	28	Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labour, working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to give to him that needeth.
Eph_4	29	Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers.
Eph_4	30	And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.
Eph_4	31	Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice:
Eph_4	32	And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.
Eph_5	1	Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children;
Eph_5	2	And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour.
Eph_5	3	But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you, as becometh saints;
Eph_5	4	Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather giving of thanks.
Eph_5	5	For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God.
Eph_5	6	Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience.
Eph_5	7	Be not ye therefore partakers with them.
Eph_5	8	For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord: walk as children of light:
Eph_5	9	(For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;)
Eph_5	10	Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord.
Eph_5	11	And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.
Eph_5	12	For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret.
Eph_5	13	But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for whatsoever doth make manifest is light.
Eph_5	14	Wherefore he saith, Awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light.
Eph_5	15	See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise,
Eph_5	16	Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.
Eph_5	17	Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is.
Eph_5	18	And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit;
Eph_5	19	Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;
Eph_5	20	Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ;
Eph_5	21	Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God.
Eph_5	22	Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord.
Eph_5	23	For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body.
Eph_5	24	Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing.
Eph_5	25	Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it;
Eph_5	26	That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,
Eph_5	27	That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.
Eph_5	28	So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself.
Eph_5	29	For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church:
Eph_5	30	For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones.
Eph_5	31	For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.
Eph_5	32	This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church.
Eph_5	33	Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband.
Ezek_16	1	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezek_16	2	Son of man, cause Jerusalem to know her abominations,
Ezek_16	3	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD unto Jerusalem; Thy birth and thy nativity is of the land of Canaan; thy father was an Amorite, and thy mother an Hittite.
Ezek_16	4	And as for thy nativity, in the day thou wast born thy navel was not cut, neither wast thou washed in water to supple thee; thou wast not salted at all, nor swaddled at all.
Ezek_16	5	None eye pitied thee, to do any of these unto thee, to have compassion upon thee; but thou wast cast out in the open field, to the lothing of thy person, in the day that thou wast born.
Ezek_16	6	And when I passed by thee, and saw thee polluted in thine own blood, I said unto thee when thou wast in thy blood, Live; yea, I said unto thee when thou wast in thy blood, Live.
Ezek_16	7	I have caused thee to multiply as the bud of the field, and thou hast increased and waxen great, and thou art come to excellent ornaments: thy breasts are fashioned, and thine hair is grown, whereas thou wast naked and bare.
Ezek_16	8	Now when I passed by thee, and looked upon thee, behold, thy time was the time of love; and I spread my skirt over thee, and covered thy nakedness: yea, I sware unto thee, and entered into a covenant with thee, saith the Lord GOD, and thou becamest mine.
Ezek_16	9	Then washed I thee with water; yea, I throughly washed away thy blood from thee, and I anointed thee with oil.
Ezek_16	10	I clothed thee also with broidered work, and shod thee with badgers' skin, and I girded thee about with fine linen, and I covered thee with silk.
Ezek_16	11	I decked thee also with ornaments, and I put bracelets upon thy hands, and a chain on thy neck.
Ezek_16	12	And I put a jewel on thy forehead, and earrings in thine ears, and a beautiful crown upon thine head.
Ezek_16	13	Thus wast thou decked with gold and silver; and thy raiment was of fine linen, and silk, and broidered work; thou didst eat fine flour, and honey, and oil: and thou wast exceeding beautiful, and thou didst prosper into a kingdom.
Ezek_16	14	And thy renown went forth among the heathen for thy beauty: for it was perfect through my comeliness, which I had put upon thee, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezek_16	15	But thou didst trust in thine own beauty, and playedst the harlot because of thy renown, and pouredst out thy fornications on every one that passed by; his it was.
Ezek_16	16	And of thy garments thou didst take, and deckedst thy high places with divers colours, and playedst the harlot thereupon: the like things shall not come, neither shall it be so.
Ezek_16	17	Thou hast also taken thy fair jewels of my gold and of my silver, which I had given thee, and madest to thyself images of men, and didst commit whoredom with them,
Ezek_16	18	And tookest thy broidered garments, and coveredst them: and thou hast set mine oil and mine incense before them.
Ezek_16	19	My meat also which I gave thee, fine flour, and oil, and honey, wherewith I fed thee, thou hast even set it before them for a sweet savour: and thus it was, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezek_16	20	Moreover thou hast taken thy sons and thy daughters, whom thou hast borne unto me, and these hast thou sacrificed unto them to be devoured. Is this of thy whoredoms a small matter,
Ezek_16	21	That thou hast slain my children, and delivered them to cause them to pass through the fire for them?
Ezek_16	22	And in all thine abominations and thy whoredoms thou hast not remembered the days of thy youth, when thou wast naked and bare, and wast polluted in thy blood.
Ezek_16	23	And it came to pass after all thy wickedness, (woe, woe unto thee! saith the Lord GOD;)
Ezek_16	24	That thou hast also built unto thee an eminent place, and hast made thee an high place in every street.
Ezek_16	25	Thou hast built thy high place at every head of the way, and hast made thy beauty to be abhorred, and hast opened thy feet to every one that passed by, and multiplied thy whoredoms.
Ezek_16	26	Thou hast also committed fornication with the Egyptians thy neighbours, great of flesh; and hast increased thy whoredoms, to provoke me to anger.
Ezek_16	27	Behold, therefore I have stretched out my hand over thee, and have diminished thine ordinary food, and delivered thee unto the will of them that hate thee, the daughters of the Philistines, which are ashamed of thy lewd way.
Ezek_16	28	Thou hast played the whore also with the Assyrians, because thou wast unsatiable; yea, thou hast played the harlot with them, and yet couldest not be satisfied.
Ezek_16	29	Thou hast moreover multiplied thy fornication in the land of Canaan unto Chaldea; and yet thou wast not satisfied herewith.
Ezek_16	30	How weak is thine heart, saith the Lord GOD, seeing thou doest all these things, the work of an imperious whorish woman;
Ezek_16	31	In that thou buildest thine eminent place in the head of every way, and makest thine high place in every street; and hast not been as an harlot, in that thou scornest hire;
Ezek_16	32	But as a wife that committeth adultery, which taketh strangers instead of her husband!
Ezek_16	33	They give gifts to all whores: but thou givest thy gifts to all thy lovers, and hirest them, that they may come unto thee on every side for thy whoredom.
Ezek_16	34	And the contrary is in thee from other women in thy whoredoms, whereas none followeth thee to commit whoredoms: and in that thou givest a reward, and no reward is given unto thee, therefore thou art contrary.
Ezek_16	35	Wherefore, O harlot, hear the word of the LORD:
Ezek_16	36	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thy filthiness was poured out, and thy nakedness discovered through thy whoredoms with thy lovers, and with all the idols of thy abominations, and by the blood of thy children, which thou didst give unto them;
Ezek_16	37	Behold, therefore I will gather all thy lovers, with whom thou hast taken pleasure, and all them that thou hast loved, with all them that thou hast hated; I will even gather them round about against thee, and will discover thy nakedness unto them, that they may see all thy nakedness.
Ezek_16	38	And I will judge thee, as women that break wedlock and shed blood are judged; and I will give thee blood in fury and jealousy.
Ezek_16	39	And I will also give thee into their hand, and they shall throw down thine eminent place, and shall break down thy high places: they shall strip thee also of thy clothes, and shall take thy fair jewels, and leave thee naked and bare.
Ezek_16	40	They shall also bring up a company against thee, and they shall stone thee with stones, and thrust thee through with their swords.
Ezek_16	41	And they shall burn thine houses with fire, and execute judgments upon thee in the sight of many women: and I will cause thee to cease from playing the harlot, and thou also shalt give no hire any more.
Ezek_16	42	So will I make my fury toward thee to rest, and my jealousy shall depart from thee, and I will be quiet, and will be no more angry.
Ezek_16	43	Because thou hast not remembered the days of thy youth, but hast fretted me in all these things; behold, therefore I also will recompense thy way upon thine head, saith the Lord GOD: and thou shalt not commit this lewdness above all thine abominations.
Ezek_16	44	Behold, every one that useth proverbs shall use this proverb against thee, saying, As is the mother, so is her daughter.
Ezek_16	45	Thou art thy mother's daughter, that lotheth her husband and her children; and thou art the sister of thy sisters, which lothed their husbands and their children: your mother was an Hittite, and your father an Amorite.
Ezek_16	46	And thine elder sister is Samaria, she and her daughters that dwell at thy left hand: and thy younger sister, that dwelleth at thy right hand, is Sodom and her daughters.
Ezek_16	47	Yet hast thou not walked after their ways, nor done after their abominations: but, as if that were a very little thing, thou wast corrupted more than they in all thy ways.
Ezek_16	48	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, Sodom thy sister hath not done, she nor her daughters, as thou hast done, thou and thy daughters.
Ezek_16	49	Behold, this was the iniquity of thy sister Sodom, pride, fulness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her daughters, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy.
Ezek_16	50	And they were haughty, and committed abomination before me: therefore I took them away as I saw good.
Ezek_16	51	Neither hath Samaria committed half of thy sins; but thou hast multiplied thine abominations more than they, and hast justified thy sisters in all thine abominations which thou hast done.
Ezek_16	52	Thou also, which hast judged thy sisters, bear thine own shame for thy sins that thou hast committed more abominable than they: they are more righteous than thou: yea, be thou confounded also, and bear thy shame, in that thou hast justified thy sisters.
Ezek_16	53	When I shall bring again their captivity, the captivity of Sodom and her daughters, and the captivity of Samaria and her daughters, then will I bring again the captivity of thy captives in the midst of them:
Ezek_16	54	That thou mayest bear thine own shame, and mayest be confounded in all that thou hast done, in that thou art a comfort unto them.
Ezek_16	55	When thy sisters, Sodom and her daughters, shall return to their former estate, and Samaria and her daughters shall return to their former estate, then thou and thy daughters shall return to your former estate.
Ezek_16	56	For thy sister Sodom was not mentioned by thy mouth in the day of thy pride,
Ezek_16	57	Before thy wickedness was discovered, as at the time of thy reproach of the daughters of Syria, and all that are round about her, the daughters of the Philistines, which despise thee round about.
Ezek_16	58	Thou hast borne thy lewdness and thine abominations, saith the LORD.
Ezek_16	59	For thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even deal with thee as thou hast done, which hast despised the oath in breaking the covenant.
Ezek_16	60	Nevertheless I will remember my covenant with thee in the days of thy youth, and I will establish unto thee an everlasting covenant.
Ezek_16	61	Then thou shalt remember thy ways, and be ashamed, when thou shalt receive thy sisters, thine elder and thy younger: and I will give them unto thee for daughters, but not by thy covenant.
Ezek_16	62	And I will establish my covenant with thee; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD:
Ezek_16	63	That thou mayest remember, and be confounded, and never open thy mouth any more because of thy shame, when I am pacified toward thee for all that thou hast done, saith the Lord GOD.
Gal_4	1	Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child, differeth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all;
Gal_4	2	But is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father.
Gal_4	3	Even so we, when we were children, were in bondage under the elements of the world:
Gal_4	4	But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,
Gal_4	5	To redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons.
Gal_4	6	And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father.
Gal_4	7	Wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ.
Gal_4	8	Howbeit then, when ye knew not God, ye did service unto them which by nature are no gods.
Gal_4	9	But now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire again to be in bondage?
Gal_4	10	Ye observe days, and months, and times, and years.
Gal_4	11	I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labour in vain.
Gal_4	12	Brethren, I beseech you, be as I am; for I am as ye are: ye have not injured me at all.
Gal_4	13	Ye know how through infirmity of the flesh I preached the gospel unto you at the first.
Gal_4	14	And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not, nor rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus.
Gal_4	15	Where is then the blessedness ye spake of? for I bear you record, that, if it had been possible, ye would have plucked out your own eyes, and have given them to me.
Gal_4	16	Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?
Gal_4	17	They zealously affect you, but not well; yea, they would exclude you, that ye might affect them.
Gal_4	18	But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing, and not only when I am present with you.
Gal_4	19	My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you,
Gal_4	20	I desire to be present with you now, and to change my voice; for I stand in doubt of you.
Gal_4	21	Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the law?
Gal_4	22	For it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one by a bondmaid, the other by a freewoman.
Gal_4	23	But he who was of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; but he of the freewoman was by promise.
Gal_4	24	Which things are an allegory: for these are the two covenants; the one from the mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which is Agar.
Gal_4	25	For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answereth to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children.
Gal_4	26	But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all.
Gal_4	27	For it is written, Rejoice, thou barren that bearest not; break forth and cry, thou that travailest not: for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath an husband.
Gal_4	28	Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise.
Gal_4	29	But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now.
Gal_4	30	Nevertheless what saith the scripture? Cast out the bondwoman and her son: for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewoman.
Gal_4	31	So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of the free.
Gen_2	1	Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them.
Gen_2	2	And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.
Gen_2	3	And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.
Gen_2	4	These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens,
Gen_2	5	And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground.
Gen_2	6	But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.
Gen_2	7	And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.
Gen_2	8	And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed.
Gen_2	9	And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
Gen_2	10	And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became into four heads.
Gen_2	11	The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold;
Gen_2	12	And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone.
Gen_2	13	And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.
Gen_2	14	And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates.
Gen_2	15	And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it.
Gen_2	16	And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:
Gen_2	17	But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
Gen_2	18	And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him.
Gen_2	19	And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof.
Gen_2	20	And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air, and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an help meet for him.
Gen_2	21	And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof;
Gen_2	22	And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man.
Gen_2	23	And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.
Gen_2	24	Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.
Gen_2	25	And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed.
Heb_1	1	God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,
Heb_1	2	Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;
Heb_1	3	Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high;
Heb_1	4	Being made so much better than the angels, as he hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they.
Heb_1	5	For unto which of the angels said he at any time, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a Father, and he shall be to me a Son?
Heb_1	6	And again, when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into the world, he saith, And let all the angels of God worship him.
Heb_1	7	And of the angels he saith, Who maketh his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire.
Heb_1	8	But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.
Heb_1	9	Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.
Heb_1	10	And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands:
Heb_1	11	They shall perish; but thou remainest; and they all shall wax old as doth a garment;
Heb_1	12	And as a vesture shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed: but thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail.
Heb_1	13	But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool?
Heb_1	14	Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?
Heb_12	1	Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,
Heb_12	2	Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God.
Heb_12	3	For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied and faint in your minds.
Heb_12	4	Ye have not yet resisted unto blood, striving against sin.
Heb_12	5	And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children, My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him:
Heb_12	6	For whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.
Heb_12	7	If ye endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons; for what son is he whom the father chasteneth not?
Heb_12	8	But if ye be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards, and not sons.
Heb_12	9	Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the Father of spirits, and live?
Heb_12	10	For they verily for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure; but he for our profit, that we might be partakers of his holiness.
Heb_12	11	Now no chastening for the present seemeth to be joyous, but grievous: nevertheless afterward it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby.
Heb_12	12	Wherefore lift up the hands which hang down, and the feeble knees;
Heb_12	13	And make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way; but let it rather be healed.
Heb_12	14	Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord:
Heb_12	15	Looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and thereby many be defiled;
Heb_12	16	Lest there be any fornicator, or profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright.
Heb_12	17	For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears.
Heb_12	18	For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire, nor unto blackness, and darkness, and tempest,
Heb_12	19	And the sound of a trumpet, and the voice of words; which voice they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more:
Heb_12	20	(For they could not endure that which was commanded, And if so much as a beast touch the mountain, it shall be stoned, or thrust through with a dart:
Heb_12	21	And so terrible was the sight, that Moses said, I exceedingly fear and quake:)
Heb_12	22	But ye are come unto mount Sion, and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels,
Heb_12	23	To the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, and to God the Judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect,
Heb_12	24	And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of Abel.
Heb_12	25	See that ye refuse not him that speaketh. For if they escaped not who refused him that spake on earth, much more shall not we escape, if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven:
Heb_12	26	Whose voice then shook the earth: but now he hath promised, saying, Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven.
Heb_12	27	And this word, Yet once more, signifieth the removing of those things that are shaken, as of things that are made, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain.
Heb_12	28	Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear:
Heb_12	29	For our God is a consuming fire.
Heb_8	1	Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;
Heb_8	2	A minister of the sanctuary, and of the true tabernacle, which the Lord pitched, and not man.
Heb_8	3	For every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices: wherefore it is of necessity that this man have somewhat also to offer.
Heb_8	4	For if he were on earth, he should not be a priest, seeing that there are priests that offer gifts according to the law:
Heb_8	5	Who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things, as Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle: for, See, saith he, that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to thee in the mount.
Heb_8	6	But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established upon better promises.
Heb_8	7	For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought for the second.
Heb_8	8	For finding fault with them, he saith, Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah:
Heb_8	9	Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt; because they continued not in my covenant, and I regarded them not, saith the Lord.
Heb_8	10	For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people:
Heb_8	11	And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest.
Heb_8	12	For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more.
Heb_8	13	In that he saith, A new covenant, he hath made the first old. Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away.
Hos_1	1	The word of the LORD that came unto Hosea, the son of Beeri, in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash, king of Israel.
Hos_1	2	The beginning of the word of the LORD by Hosea. And the LORD said to Hosea, Go, take unto thee a wife of whoredoms and children of whoredoms: for the land hath committed great whoredom, departing from the LORD.
Hos_1	3	So he went and took Gomer the daughter of Diblaim; which conceived, and bare him a son.
Hos_1	4	And the LORD said unto him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet a little while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel.
Hos_1	5	And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel in the valley of Jezreel.
Hos_1	6	And she conceived again, and bare a daughter. And God said unto him, Call her name Loruhamah: for I will no more have mercy upon the house of Israel; but I will utterly take them away.
Hos_1	7	But I will have mercy upon the house of Judah, and will save them by the LORD their God, and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen.
Hos_1	8	Now when she had weaned Loruhamah, she conceived, and bare a son.
Hos_1	9	Then said God, Call his name Loammi: for ye are not my people, and I will not be your God.
Hos_1	10	Yet the number of the children of Israel shall be as the sand of the sea, which cannot be measured nor numbered; and it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people, there it shall be said unto them, Ye are the sons of the living God.
Hos_1	11	Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together, and appoint themselves one head, and they shall come up out of the land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel.
Hos_2	1	Say ye unto your brethren, Ammi; and to your sisters, Ruhamah.
Hos_2	2	Plead with your mother, plead: for she is not my wife, neither am I her husband: let her therefore put away her whoredoms out of her sight, and her adulteries from between her breasts;
Hos_2	3	Lest I strip her naked, and set her as in the day that she was born, and make her as a wilderness, and set her like a dry land, and slay her with thirst.
Hos_2	4	And I will not have mercy upon her children; for they be the children of whoredoms.
Hos_2	5	For their mother hath played the harlot: she that conceived them hath done shamefully: for she said, I will go after my lovers, that give me my bread and my water, my wool and my flax, mine oil and my drink.
Hos_2	6	Therefore, behold, I will hedge up thy way with thorns, and make a wall, that she shall not find her paths.
Hos_2	7	And she shall follow after her lovers, but she shall not overtake them; and she shall seek them, but shall not find them: then shall she say, I will go and return to my first husband; for then was it better with me than now.
Hos_2	8	For she did not know that I gave her corn, and wine, and oil, and multiplied her silver and gold, which they prepared for Baal.
Hos_2	9	Therefore will I return, and take away my corn in the time thereof, and my wine in the season thereof, and will recover my wool and my flax given to cover her nakedness.
Hos_2	10	And now will I discover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers, and none shall deliver her out of mine hand.
Hos_2	11	I will also cause all her mirth to cease, her feast days, her new moons, and her sabbaths, and all her solemn feasts.
Hos_2	12	And I will destroy her vines and her fig trees, whereof she hath said, These are my rewards that my lovers have given me: and I will make them a forest, and the beasts of the field shall eat them.
Hos_2	13	And I will visit upon her the days of Baalim, wherein she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels, and she went after her lovers, and forgat me, saith the LORD.
Hos_2	14	Therefore, behold, I will allure her, and bring her into the wilderness, and speak comfortably unto her.
Hos_2	15	And I will give her her vineyards from thence, and the valley of Achor for a door of hope: and she shall sing there, as in the days of her youth, and as in the day when she came up out of the land of Egypt.
Hos_2	16	And it shall be at that day, saith the LORD, that thou shalt call me Ishi; and shalt call me no more Baali.
Hos_2	17	For I will take away the names of Baalim out of her mouth, and they shall no more be remembered by their name.
Hos_2	18	And in that day will I make a covenant for them with the beasts of the field, and with the fowls of heaven, and with the creeping things of the ground: and I will break the bow and the sword and the battle out of the earth, and will make them to lie down safely.
Hos_2	19	And I will betroth thee unto me for ever; yea, I will betroth thee unto me in righteousness, and in judgment, and in lovingkindness, and in mercies.
Hos_2	20	I will even betroth thee unto me in faithfulness: and thou shalt know the LORD.
Hos_2	21	And it shall come to pass in that day, I will hear, saith the LORD, I will hear the heavens, and they shall hear the earth;
Hos_2	22	And the earth shall hear the corn, and the wine, and the oil; and they shall hear Jezreel.
Hos_2	23	And I will sow her unto me in the earth; and I will have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy; and I will say to them which were not my people, Thou art my people; and they shall say, Thou art my God.
Hos_3	1	Then said the LORD unto me, Go yet, love a woman beloved of her friend, yet an adulteress, according to the love of the LORD toward the children of Israel, who look to other gods, and love flagons of wine.
Hos_3	2	So I bought her to me for fifteen pieces of silver, and for an homer of barley, and an half homer of barley:
Hos_3	3	And I said unto her, Thou shalt abide for me many days; thou shalt not play the harlot, and thou shalt not be for another man: so will I also be for thee.
Hos_3	4	For the children of Israel shall abide many days without a king, and without a prince, and without a sacrifice, and without an image, and without an ephod, and without teraphim:
Hos_3	5	Afterward shall the children of Israel return, and seek the LORD their God, and David their king; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter days.
Isa_49	1	Listen, O isles, unto me; and hearken, ye people, from far; The LORD hath called me from the womb; from the bowels of my mother hath he made mention of my name.
Isa_49	2	And he hath made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shadow of his hand hath he hid me, and made me a polished shaft; in his quiver hath he hid me;
Isa_49	3	And said unto me, Thou art my servant, O Israel, in whom I will be glorified.
Isa_49	4	Then I said, I have laboured in vain, I have spent my strength for nought, and in vain: yet surely my judgment is with the LORD, and my work with my God.
Isa_49	5	And now, saith the LORD that formed me from the womb to be his servant, to bring Jacob again to him, Though Israel be not gathered, yet shall I be glorious in the eyes of the LORD, and my God shall be my strength.
Isa_49	6	And he said, It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob, and to restore the preserved of Israel: I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth.
Isa_49	7	Thus saith the LORD, the Redeemer of Israel, and his Holy One, to him whom man despiseth, to him whom the nation abhorreth, to a servant of rulers, Kings shall see and arise, princes also shall worship, because of the LORD that is faithful, and the Holy One of Israel, and he shall choose thee.
Isa_49	8	Thus saith the LORD, In an acceptable time have I heard thee, and in a day of salvation have I helped thee: and I will preserve thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate heritages;
Isa_49	9	That thou mayest say to the prisoners, Go forth; to them that are in darkness, Shew yourselves. They shall feed in the ways, and their pastures shall be in all high places.
Isa_49	10	They shall not hunger nor thirst; neither shall the heat nor sun smite them: for he that hath mercy on them shall lead them, even by the springs of water shall he guide them.
Isa_49	11	And I will make all my mountains a way, and my highways shall be exalted.
Isa_49	12	Behold, these shall come from far: and, lo, these from the north and from the west; and these from the land of Sinim.
Isa_49	13	Sing, O heavens; and be joyful, O earth; and break forth into singing, O mountains: for the LORD hath comforted his people, and will have mercy upon his afflicted.
Isa_49	14	But Zion said, The LORD hath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten me.
Isa_49	15	Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb? yea, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee.
Isa_49	16	Behold, I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands; thy walls are continually before me.
Isa_49	17	Thy children shall make haste; thy destroyers and they that made thee waste shall go forth of thee.
Isa_49	18	Lift up thine eyes round about, and behold: all these gather themselves together, and come to thee. As I live, saith the LORD, thou shalt surely clothe thee with them all, as with an ornament, and bind them on thee, as a bride doeth.
Isa_49	19	For thy waste and thy desolate places, and the land of thy destruction, shall even now be too narrow by reason of the inhabitants, and they that swallowed thee up shall be far away.
Isa_49	20	The children which thou shalt have, after thou hast lost the other, shall say again in thine ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to me that I may dwell.
Isa_49	21	Then shalt thou say in thine heart, Who hath begotten me these, seeing I have lost my children, and am desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro? and who hath brought up these? Behold, I was left alone; these, where had they been?
Isa_49	22	Thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles, and set up my standard to the people: and they shall bring thy sons in their arms, and thy daughters shall be carried upon their shoulders.
Isa_49	23	And kings shall be thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy nursing mothers: they shall bow down to thee with their face toward the earth, and lick up the dust of thy feet; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD: for they shall not be ashamed that wait for me.
Isa_49	24	Shall the prey be taken from the mighty, or the lawful captive delivered?
Isa_49	25	But thus saith the LORD, Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away, and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered: for I will contend with him that contendeth with thee, and I will save thy children.
Isa_49	26	And I will feed them that oppress thee with their own flesh; and they shall be drunken with their own blood, as with sweet wine: and all flesh shall know that I the LORD am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.
Isa_50	1	Thus saith the LORD, Where is the bill of your mother's divorcement, whom I have put away? or which of my creditors is it to whom I have sold you? Behold, for your iniquities have ye sold yourselves, and for your transgressions is your mother put away.
Isa_50	2	Wherefore, when I came, was there no man? when I called, was there none to answer? Is my hand shortened at all, that it cannot redeem? or have I no power to deliver? behold, at my rebuke I dry up the sea, I make the rivers a wilderness: their fish stinketh, because there is no water, and dieth for thirst.
Isa_50	3	I clothe the heavens with blackness, and I make sackcloth their covering.
Isa_50	4	The Lord GOD hath given me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary: he wakeneth morning by morning, he wakeneth mine ear to hear as the learned.
Isa_50	5	The Lord GOD hath opened mine ear, and I was not rebellious, neither turned away back.
Isa_50	6	I gave my back to the smiters, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair: I hid not my face from shame and spitting.
Isa_50	7	For the Lord GOD will help me; therefore shall I not be confounded: therefore have I set my face like a flint, and I know that I shall not be ashamed.
Isa_50	8	He is near that justifieth me; who will contend with me? let us stand together: who is mine adversary? let him come near to me.
Isa_50	9	Behold, the Lord GOD will help me; who is he that shall condemn me? lo, they all shall wax old as a garment; the moth shall eat them up.
Isa_50	10	Who is among you that feareth the LORD, that obeyeth the voice of his servant, that walketh in darkness, and hath no light? let him trust in the name of the LORD, and stay upon his God.
Isa_50	11	Behold, all ye that kindle a fire, that compass yourselves about with sparks: walk in the light of your fire, and in the sparks that ye have kindled. This shall ye have of mine hand; ye shall lie down in sorrow.
Isa_54	1	Sing, O barren, thou that didst not bear; break forth into singing, and cry aloud, thou that didst not travail with child: for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife, saith the LORD.
Isa_54	2	Enlarge the place of thy tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine habitations: spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes;
Isa_54	3	For thou shalt break forth on the right hand and on the left; and thy seed shall inherit the Gentiles, and make the desolate cities to be inhabited.
Isa_54	4	Fear not; for thou shalt not be ashamed: neither be thou confounded; for thou shalt not be put to shame: for thou shalt forget the shame of thy youth, and shalt not remember the reproach of thy widowhood any more.
Isa_54	5	For thy Maker is thine husband; the LORD of hosts is his name; and thy Redeemer the Holy One of Israel; The God of the whole earth shall he be called.
Isa_54	6	For the LORD hath called thee as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a wife of youth, when thou wast refused, saith thy God.
Isa_54	7	For a small moment have I forsaken thee; but with great mercies will I gather thee.
Isa_54	8	In a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy Redeemer.
Isa_54	9	For this is as the waters of Noah unto me: for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth; so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with thee, nor rebuke thee.
Isa_54	10	For the mountains shall depart, and the hills be removed; but my kindness shall not depart from thee, neither shall the covenant of my peace be removed, saith the LORD that hath mercy on thee.
Isa_54	11	O thou afflicted, tossed with tempest, and not comforted, behold, I will lay thy stones with fair colours, and lay thy foundations with sapphires.
Isa_54	12	And I will make thy windows of agates, and thy gates of carbuncles, and all thy borders of pleasant stones.
Isa_54	13	And all thy children shall be taught of the LORD; and great shall be the peace of thy children.
Isa_54	14	In righteousness shalt thou be established: thou shalt be far from oppression; for thou shalt not fear: and from terror; for it shall not come near thee.
Isa_54	15	Behold, they shall surely gather together, but not by me: whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall for thy sake.
Isa_54	16	Behold, I have created the smith that bloweth the coals in the fire, and that bringeth forth an instrument for his work; and I have created the waster to destroy.
Isa_54	17	No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, and their righteousness is of me, saith the LORD.
Isa_61	1	The Spirit of the Lord GOD is upon me; because the LORD hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound;
Isa_61	2	To proclaim the acceptable year of the LORD, and the day of vengeance of our God; to comfort all that mourn;
Isa_61	3	To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness; that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of the LORD, that he might be glorified.
Isa_61	4	And they shall build the old wastes, they shall raise up the former desolations, and they shall repair the waste cities, the desolations of many generations.
Isa_61	5	And strangers shall stand and feed your flocks, and the sons of the alien shall be your plowmen and your vinedressers.
Isa_61	6	But ye shall be named the Priests of the LORD: men shall call you the Ministers of our God: ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and in their glory shall ye boast yourselves.
Isa_61	7	For your shame ye shall have double; and for confusion they shall rejoice in their portion: therefore in their land they shall possess the double: everlasting joy shall be unto them.
Isa_61	8	For I the LORD love judgment, I hate robbery for burnt offering; and I will direct their work in truth, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them.
Isa_61	9	And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their offspring among the people: all that see them shall acknowledge them, that they are the seed which the LORD hath blessed.
Isa_61	10	I will greatly rejoice in the LORD, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation, he hath covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decketh himself with ornaments, and as a bride adorneth herself with her jewels.
Isa_61	11	For as the earth bringeth forth her bud, and as the garden causeth the things that are sown in it to spring forth; so the Lord GOD will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations.
Isa_62	1	For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest, until the righteousness thereof go forth as brightness, and the salvation thereof as a lamp that burneth.
Isa_62	2	And the Gentiles shall see thy righteousness, and all kings thy glory: and thou shalt be called by a new name, which the mouth of the LORD shall name.
Isa_62	3	Thou shalt also be a crown of glory in the hand of the LORD, and a royal diadem in the hand of thy God.
Isa_62	4	Thou shalt no more be termed Forsaken; neither shall thy land any more be termed Desolate: but thou shalt be called Hephzibah, and thy land Beulah: for the LORD delighteth in thee, and thy land shall be married.
Isa_62	5	For as a young man marrieth a virgin, so shall thy sons marry thee: and as the bridegroom rejoiceth over the bride, so shall thy God rejoice over thee.
Isa_62	6	I have set watchmen upon thy walls, O Jerusalem, which shall never hold their peace day nor night: ye that make mention of the LORD, keep not silence,
Isa_62	7	And give him no rest, till he establish, and till he make Jerusalem a praise in the earth.
Isa_62	8	The LORD hath sworn by his right hand, and by the arm of his strength, Surely I will no more give thy corn to be meat for thine enemies; and the sons of the stranger shall not drink thy wine, for the which thou hast laboured:
Isa_62	9	But they that have gathered it shall eat it, and praise the LORD; and they that have brought it together shall drink it in the courts of my holiness.
Isa_62	10	Go through, go through the gates; prepare ye the way of the people; cast up, cast up the highway; gather out the stones; lift up a standard for the people.
Isa_62	11	Behold, the LORD hath proclaimed unto the end of the world, Say ye to the daughter of Zion, Behold, thy salvation cometh; behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him.
Isa_62	12	And they shall call them, The holy people, The redeemed of the LORD: and thou shalt be called, Sought out, A city not forsaken.
Jer_16	1	The word of the LORD came also unto me, saying,
Jer_16	2	Thou shalt not take thee a wife, neither shalt thou have sons or daughters in this place.
Jer_16	3	For thus saith the LORD concerning the sons and concerning the daughters that are born in this place, and concerning their mothers that bare them, and concerning their fathers that begat them in this land;
Jer_16	4	They shall die of grievous deaths; they shall not be lamented; neither shall they be buried; but they shall be as dung upon the face of the earth: and they shall be consumed by the sword, and by famine; and their carcases shall be meat for the fowls of heaven, and for the beasts of the earth.
Jer_16	5	For thus saith the LORD, Enter not into the house of mourning, neither go to lament nor bemoan them: for I have taken away my peace from this people, saith the LORD, even lovingkindness and mercies.
Jer_16	6	Both the great and the small shall die in this land: they shall not be buried, neither shall men lament for them, nor cut themselves, nor make themselves bald for them:
Jer_16	7	Neither shall men tear themselves for them in mourning, to comfort them for the dead; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother.
Jer_16	8	Thou shalt not also go into the house of feasting, to sit with them to eat and to drink.
Jer_16	9	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will cause to cease out of this place in your eyes, and in your days, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride.
Jer_16	10	And it shall come to pass, when thou shalt shew this people all these words, and they shall say unto thee, Wherefore hath the LORD pronounced all this great evil against us? or what is our iniquity? or what is our sin that we have committed against the LORD our God?
Jer_16	11	Then shalt thou say unto them, Because your fathers have forsaken me, saith the LORD, and have walked after other gods, and have served them, and have worshipped them, and have forsaken me, and have not kept my law;
Jer_16	12	And ye have done worse than your fathers; for, behold, ye walk every one after the imagination of his evil heart, that they may not hearken unto me:
Jer_16	13	Therefore will I cast you out of this land into a land that ye know not, neither ye nor your fathers; and there shall ye serve other gods day and night; where I will not shew you favour.
Jer_16	14	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that it shall no more be said, The LORD liveth, that brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt;
Jer_16	15	But, The LORD liveth, that brought up the children of Israel from the land of the north, and from all the lands whither he had driven them: and I will bring them again into their land that I gave unto their fathers.
Jer_16	16	Behold, I will send for many fishers, saith the LORD, and they shall fish them; and after will I send for many hunters, and they shall hunt them from every mountain, and from every hill, and out of the holes of the rocks.
Jer_16	17	For mine eyes are upon all their ways: they are not hid from my face, neither is their iniquity hid from mine eyes.
Jer_16	18	And first I will recompense their iniquity and their sin double; because they have defiled my land, they have filled mine inheritance with the carcases of their detestable and abominable things.
Jer_16	19	O LORD, my strength, and my fortress, and my refuge in the day of affliction, the Gentiles shall come unto thee from the ends of the earth, and shall say, Surely our fathers have inherited lies, vanity, and things wherein there is no profit.
Jer_16	20	Shall a man make gods unto himself, and they are no gods?
Jer_16	21	Therefore, behold, I will this once cause them to know, I will cause them to know mine hand and my might; and they shall know that my name is The LORD.
Jer_2	1	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Jer_2	2	Go and cry in the ears of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the LORD; I remember thee, the kindness of thy youth, the love of thine espousals, when thou wentest after me in the wilderness, in a land that was not sown.
Jer_2	3	Israel was holiness unto the LORD, and the firstfruits of his increase: all that devour him shall offend; evil shall come upon them, saith the LORD.
Jer_2	4	Hear ye the word of the LORD, O house of Jacob, and all the families of the house of Israel:
Jer_2	5	Thus saith the LORD, What iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me, and have walked after vanity, and are become vain?
Jer_2	6	Neither said they, Where is the LORD that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, that led us through the wilderness, through a land of deserts and of pits, through a land of drought, and of the shadow of death, through a land that no man passed through, and where no man dwelt?
Jer_2	7	And I brought you into a plentiful country, to eat the fruit thereof and the goodness thereof; but when ye entered, ye defiled my land, and made mine heritage an abomination.
Jer_2	8	The priests said not, Where is the LORD? and they that handle the law knew me not: the pastors also transgressed against me, and the prophets prophesied by Baal, and walked after things that do not profit.
Jer_2	9	Wherefore I will yet plead with you, saith the LORD, and with your children's children will I plead.
Jer_2	10	For pass over the isles of Chittim, and see; and send unto Kedar, and consider diligently, and see if there be such a thing.
Jer_2	11	Hath a nation changed their gods, which are yet no gods? but my people have changed their glory for that which doth not profit.
Jer_2	12	Be astonished, O ye heavens, at this, and be horribly afraid, be ye very desolate, saith the LORD.
Jer_2	13	For my people have committed two evils; they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.
Jer_2	14	Is Israel a servant? is he a homeborn slave? why is he spoiled?
Jer_2	15	The young lions roared upon him, and yelled, and they made his land waste: his cities are burned without inhabitant.
Jer_2	16	Also the children of Noph and Tahapanes have broken the crown of thy head.
Jer_2	17	Hast thou not procured this unto thyself, in that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, when he led thee by the way?
Jer_2	18	And now what hast thou to do in the way of Egypt, to drink the waters of Sihor? or what hast thou to do in the way of Assyria, to drink the waters of the river?
Jer_2	19	Thine own wickedness shall correct thee, and thy backslidings shall reprove thee: know therefore and see that it is an evil thing and bitter, that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, and that my fear is not in thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts.
Jer_2	20	For of old time I have broken thy yoke, and burst thy bands; and thou saidst, I will not transgress; when upon every high hill and under every green tree thou wanderest, playing the harlot.
Jer_2	21	Yet I had planted thee a noble vine, wholly a right seed: how then art thou turned into the degenerate plant of a strange vine unto me?
Jer_2	22	For though thou wash thee with nitre, and take thee much soap, yet thine iniquity is marked before me, saith the Lord GOD.
Jer_2	23	How canst thou say, I am not polluted, I have not gone after Baalim? see thy way in the valley, know what thou hast done: thou art a swift dromedary traversing her ways;
Jer_2	24	A wild ass used to the wilderness, that snuffeth up the wind at her pleasure; in her occasion who can turn her away? all they that seek her will not weary themselves; in her month they shall find her.
Jer_2	25	Withhold thy foot from being unshod, and thy throat from thirst: but thou saidst, There is no hope: no; for I have loved strangers, and after them will I go.
Jer_2	26	As the thief is ashamed when he is found, so is the house of Israel ashamed; they, their kings, their princes, and their priests, and their prophets,
Jer_2	27	Saying to a stock, Thou art my father; and to a stone, Thou hast brought me forth: for they have turned their back unto me, and not their face: but in the time of their trouble they will say, Arise, and save us.
Jer_2	28	But where are thy gods that thou hast made thee? let them arise, if they can save thee in the time of thy trouble: for according to the number of thy cities are thy gods, O Judah.
Jer_2	29	Wherefore will ye plead with me? ye all have transgressed against me, saith the LORD.
Jer_2	30	In vain have I smitten your children; they received no correction: your own sword hath devoured your prophets, like a destroying lion.
Jer_2	31	O generation, see ye the word of the LORD. Have I been a wilderness unto Israel? a land of darkness? wherefore say my people, We are lords; we will come no more unto thee?
Jer_2	32	Can a maid forget her ornaments, or a bride her attire? yet my people have forgotten me days without number.
Jer_2	33	Why trimmest thou thy way to seek love? therefore hast thou also taught the wicked ones thy ways.
Jer_2	34	Also in thy skirts is found the blood of the souls of the poor innocents: I have not found it by secret search, but upon all these.
Jer_2	35	Yet thou sayest, Because I am innocent, surely his anger shall turn from me. Behold, I will plead with thee, because thou sayest, I have not sinned.
Jer_2	36	Why gaddest thou about so much to change thy way? thou also shalt be ashamed of Egypt, as thou wast ashamed of Assyria.
Jer_2	37	Yea, thou shalt go forth from him, and thine hands upon thine head: for the LORD hath rejected thy confidences, and thou shalt not prosper in them.
Jer_25	1	The word that came to Jeremiah concerning all the people of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, that was the first year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon;
Jer_25	2	The which Jeremiah the prophet spake unto all the people of Judah, and to all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying,
Jer_25	3	From the thirteenth year of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah, even unto this day, that is the three and twentieth year, the word of the LORD hath come unto me, and I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye have not hearkened.
Jer_25	4	And the LORD hath sent unto you all his servants the prophets, rising early and sending them; but ye have not hearkened, nor inclined your ear to hear.
Jer_25	5	They said, Turn ye again now every one from his evil way, and from the evil of your doings, and dwell in the land that the LORD hath given unto you and to your fathers for ever and ever:
Jer_25	6	And go not after other gods to serve them, and to worship them, and provoke me not to anger with the works of your hands; and I will do you no hurt.
Jer_25	7	Yet ye have not hearkened unto me, saith the LORD; that ye might provoke me to anger with the works of your hands to your own hurt.
Jer_25	8	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Because ye have not heard my words,
Jer_25	9	Behold, I will send and take all the families of the north, saith the LORD, and Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will bring them against this land, and against the inhabitants thereof, and against all these nations round about, and will utterly destroy them, and make them an astonishment, and an hissing, and perpetual desolations.
Jer_25	10	Moreover I will take from them the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the sound of the millstones, and the light of the candle.
Jer_25	11	And this whole land shall be a desolation, and an astonishment; and these nations shall serve the king of Babylon seventy years.
Jer_25	12	And it shall come to pass, when seventy years are accomplished, that I will punish the king of Babylon, and that nation, saith the LORD, for their iniquity, and the land of the Chaldeans, and will make it perpetual desolations.
Jer_25	13	And I will bring upon that land all my words which I have pronounced against it, even all that is written in this book, which Jeremiah hath prophesied against all the nations.
Jer_25	14	For many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of them also: and I will recompense them according to their deeds, and according to the works of their own hands.
Jer_25	15	For thus saith the LORD God of Israel unto me; Take the wine cup of this fury at my hand, and cause all the nations, to whom I send thee, to drink it.
Jer_25	16	And they shall drink, and be moved, and be mad, because of the sword that I will send among them.
Jer_25	17	Then took I the cup at the LORD'S hand, and made all the nations to drink, unto whom the LORD had sent me:
Jer_25	18	To wit, Jerusalem, and the cities of Judah, and the kings thereof, and the princes thereof, to make them a desolation, an astonishment, an hissing, and a curse; as it is this day;
Jer_25	19	Pharaoh king of Egypt, and his servants, and his princes, and all his people;
Jer_25	20	And all the mingled people, and all the kings of the land of Uz, and all the kings of the land of the Philistines, and Ashkelon, and Azzah, and Ekron, and the remnant of Ashdod,
Jer_25	21	Edom, and Moab, and the children of Ammon,
Jer_25	22	And all the kings of Tyrus, and all the kings of Zidon, and the kings of the isles which are beyond the sea,
Jer_25	23	Dedan, and Tema, and Buz, and all that are in the utmost corners,
Jer_25	24	And all the kings of Arabia, and all the kings of the mingled people that dwell in the desert,
Jer_25	25	And all the kings of Zimri, and all the kings of Elam, and all the kings of the Medes,
Jer_25	26	And all the kings of the north, far and near, one with another, and all the kingdoms of the world, which are upon the face of the earth: and the king of Sheshach shall drink after them.
Jer_25	27	Therefore thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Drink ye, and be drunken, and spue, and fall, and rise no more, because of the sword which I will send among you.
Jer_25	28	And it shall be, if they refuse to take the cup at thine hand to drink, then shalt thou say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Ye shall certainly drink.
Jer_25	29	For, lo, I begin to bring evil on the city which is called by my name, and should ye be utterly unpunished? Ye shall not be unpunished: for I will call for a sword upon all the inhabitants of the earth, saith the LORD of hosts.
Jer_25	30	Therefore prophesy thou against them all these words, and say unto them, The LORD shall roar from on high, and utter his voice from his holy habitation; he shall mightily roar upon his habitation; he shall give a shout, as they that tread the grapes, against all the inhabitants of the earth.
Jer_25	31	A noise shall come even to the ends of the earth; for the LORD hath a controversy with the nations, he will plead with all flesh; he will give them that are wicked to the sword, saith the LORD.
Jer_25	32	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, evil shall go forth from nation to nation, and a great whirlwind shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth.
Jer_25	33	And the slain of the LORD shall be at that day from one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth: they shall not be lamented, neither gathered, nor buried; they shall be dung upon the ground.
Jer_25	34	Howl, ye shepherds, and cry; and wallow yourselves in the ashes, ye principal of the flock: for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are accomplished; and ye shall fall like a pleasant vessel.
Jer_25	35	And the shepherds shall have no way to flee, nor the principal of the flock to escape.
Jer_25	36	A voice of the cry of the shepherds, and an howling of the principal of the flock, shall be heard: for the LORD hath spoiled their pasture.
Jer_25	37	And the peaceable habitations are cut down because of the fierce anger of the LORD.
Jer_25	38	He hath forsaken his covert, as the lion: for their land is desolate because of the fierceness of the oppressor, and because of his fierce anger.
Jer_3	1	They say, If a man put away his wife, and she go from him, and become another man's, shall he return unto her again? shall not that land be greatly polluted? but thou hast played the harlot with many lovers; yet return again to me, saith the LORD.
Jer_3	2	Lift up thine eyes unto the high places, and see where thou hast not been lien with. In the ways hast thou sat for them, as the Arabian in the wilderness; and thou hast polluted the land with thy whoredoms and with thy wickedness.
Jer_3	3	Therefore the showers have been withholden, and there hath been no latter rain; and thou hadst a whore's forehead, thou refusedst to be ashamed.
Jer_3	4	Wilt thou not from this time cry unto me, My father, thou art the guide of my youth?
Jer_3	5	Will he reserve his anger for ever? will he keep it to the end? Behold, thou hast spoken and done evil things as thou couldest.
Jer_3	6	The LORD said also unto me in the days of Josiah the king, Hast thou seen that which backsliding Israel hath done? she is gone up upon every high mountain and under every green tree, and there hath played the harlot.
Jer_3	7	And I said after she had done all these things, Turn thou unto me. But she returned not. And her treacherous sister Judah saw it.
Jer_3	8	And I saw, when for all the causes whereby backsliding Israel committed adultery I had put her away, and given her a bill of divorce; yet her treacherous sister Judah feared not, but went and played the harlot also.
Jer_3	9	And it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom, that she defiled the land, and committed adultery with stones and with stocks.
Jer_3	10	And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah hath not turned unto me with her whole heart, but feignedly, saith the LORD.
Jer_3	11	And the LORD said unto me, The backsliding Israel hath justified herself more than treacherous Judah.
Jer_3	12	Go and proclaim these words toward the north, and say, Return, thou backsliding Israel, saith the LORD; and I will not cause mine anger to fall upon you: for I am merciful, saith the LORD, and I will not keep anger for ever.
Jer_3	13	Only acknowledge thine iniquity, that thou hast transgressed against the LORD thy God, and hast scattered thy ways to the strangers under every green tree, and ye have not obeyed my voice, saith the LORD.
Jer_3	14	Turn, O backsliding children, saith the LORD; for I am married unto you: and I will take you one of a city, and two of a family, and I will bring you to Zion:
Jer_3	15	And I will give you pastors according to mine heart, which shall feed you with knowledge and understanding.
Jer_3	16	And it shall come to pass, when ye be multiplied and increased in the land, in those days, saith the LORD, they shall say no more, The ark of the covenant of the LORD: neither shall it come to mind: neither shall they remember it; neither shall they visit it; neither shall that be done any more.
Jer_3	17	At that time they shall call Jerusalem the throne of the LORD; and all the nations shall be gathered unto it, to the name of the LORD, to Jerusalem: neither shall they walk any more after the imagination of their evil heart.
Jer_3	18	In those days the house of Judah shall walk with the house of Israel, and they shall come together out of the land of the north to the land that I have given for an inheritance unto your fathers.
Jer_3	19	But I said, How shall I put thee among the children, and give thee a pleasant land, a goodly heritage of the hosts of nations? and I said, Thou shalt call me, My father; and shalt not turn away from me.
Jer_3	20	Surely as a wife treacherously departeth from her husband, so have ye dealt treacherously with me, O house of Israel, saith the LORD.
Jer_3	21	A voice was heard upon the high places, weeping and supplications of the children of Israel: for they have perverted their way, and they have forgotten the LORD their God.
Jer_3	22	Return, ye backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings. Behold, we come unto thee; for thou art the LORD our God.
Jer_3	23	Truly in vain is salvation hoped for from the hills, and from the multitude of mountains: truly in the LORD our God is the salvation of Israel.
Jer_3	24	For shame hath devoured the labour of our fathers from our youth; their flocks and their herds, their sons and their daughters.
Jer_3	25	We lie down in our shame, and our confusion covereth us: for we have sinned against the LORD our God, we and our fathers, from our youth even unto this day, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD our God.
Jer_31	1	At the same time, saith the LORD, will I be the God of all the families of Israel, and they shall be my people.
Jer_31	2	Thus saith the LORD, The people which were left of the sword found grace in the wilderness; even Israel, when I went to cause him to rest.
Jer_31	3	The LORD hath appeared of old unto me, saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love: therefore with lovingkindness have I drawn thee.
Jer_31	4	Again I will build thee, and thou shalt be built, O virgin of Israel: thou shalt again be adorned with thy tabrets, and shalt go forth in the dances of them that make merry.
Jer_31	5	Thou shalt yet plant vines upon the mountains of Samaria: the planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common things.
Jer_31	6	For there shall be a day, that the watchmen upon the mount Ephraim shall cry, Arise ye, and let us go up to Zion unto the LORD our God.
Jer_31	7	For thus saith the LORD; Sing with gladness for Jacob, and shout among the chief of the nations: publish ye, praise ye, and say, O LORD, save thy people, the remnant of Israel.
Jer_31	8	Behold, I will bring them from the north country, and gather them from the coasts of the earth, and with them the blind and the lame, the woman with child and her that travaileth with child together: a great company shall return thither.
Jer_31	9	They shall come with weeping, and with supplications will I lead them: I will cause them to walk by the rivers of waters in a straight way, wherein they shall not stumble: for I am a father to Israel, and Ephraim is my firstborn.
Jer_31	10	Hear the word of the LORD, O ye nations, and declare it in the isles afar off, and say, He that scattered Israel will gather him, and keep him, as a shepherd doth his flock.
Jer_31	11	For the LORD hath redeemed Jacob, and ransomed him from the hand of him that was stronger than he.
Jer_31	12	Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion, and shall flow together to the goodness of the LORD, for wheat, and for wine, and for oil, and for the young of the flock and of the herd: and their soul shall be as a watered garden; and they shall not sorrow any more at all.
Jer_31	13	Then shall the virgin rejoice in the dance, both young men and old together: for I will turn their mourning into joy, and will comfort them, and make them rejoice from their sorrow.
Jer_31	14	And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness, and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness, saith the LORD.
Jer_31	15	Thus saith the LORD; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her children, because they were not.
Jer_31	16	Thus saith the LORD; Refrain thy voice from weeping, and thine eyes from tears: for thy work shall be rewarded, saith the LORD; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy.
Jer_31	17	And there is hope in thine end, saith the LORD, that thy children shall come again to their own border.
Jer_31	18	I have surely heard Ephraim bemoaning himself thus; Thou hast chastised me, and I was chastised, as a bullock unaccustomed to the yoke: turn thou me, and I shall be turned; for thou art the LORD my God.
Jer_31	19	Surely after that I was turned, I repented; and after that I was instructed, I smote upon my thigh: I was ashamed, yea, even confounded, because I did bear the reproach of my youth.
Jer_31	20	Is Ephraim my dear son? is he a pleasant child? for since I spake against him, I do earnestly remember him still: therefore my bowels are troubled for him; I will surely have mercy upon him, saith the LORD.
Jer_31	21	Set thee up waymarks, make thee high heaps: set thine heart toward the highway, even the way which thou wentest: turn again, O virgin of Israel, turn again to these thy cities.
Jer_31	22	How long wilt thou go about, O thou backsliding daughter? for the LORD hath created a new thing in the earth, A woman shall compass a man.
Jer_31	23	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; As yet they shall use this speech in the land of Judah and in the cities thereof, when I shall bring again their captivity; The LORD bless thee, O habitation of justice, and mountain of holiness.
Jer_31	24	And there shall dwell in Judah itself, and in all the cities thereof together, husbandmen, and they that go forth with flocks.
Jer_31	25	For I have satiated the weary soul, and I have replenished every sorrowful soul.
Jer_31	26	Upon this I awaked, and beheld; and my sleep was sweet unto me.
Jer_31	27	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will sow the house of Israel and the house of Judah with the seed of man, and with the seed of beast.
Jer_31	28	And it shall come to pass, that like as I have watched over them, to pluck up, and to break down, and to throw down, and to destroy, and to afflict; so will I watch over them, to build, and to plant, saith the LORD.
Jer_31	29	In those days they shall say no more, The fathers have eaten a sour grape, and the children's teeth are set on edge.
Jer_31	30	But every one shall die for his own iniquity: every man that eateth the sour grape, his teeth shall be set on edge.
Jer_31	31	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with the house of Judah:
Jer_31	32	Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt; which my covenant they brake, although I was an husband unto them, saith the LORD:
Jer_31	33	But this shall be the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel; After those days, saith the LORD, I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their hearts; and will be their God, and they shall be my people.
Jer_31	34	And they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the LORD: for they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the LORD: for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their sin no more.
Jer_31	35	Thus saith the LORD, which giveth the sun for a light by day, and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for a light by night, which divideth the sea when the waves thereof roar; The LORD of hosts is his name:
Jer_31	36	If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever.
Jer_31	37	Thus saith the LORD; If heaven above can be measured, and the foundations of the earth searched out beneath, I will also cast off all the seed of Israel for all that they have done, saith the LORD.
Jer_31	38	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that the city shall be built to the LORD from the tower of Hananeel unto the gate of the corner.
Jer_31	39	And the measuring line shall yet go forth over against it upon the hill Gareb, and shall compass about to Goath.
Jer_31	40	And the whole valley of the dead bodies, and of the ashes, and all the fields unto the brook of Kidron, unto the corner of the horse gate toward the east, shall be holy unto the LORD; it shall not be plucked up, nor thrown down any more for ever.
Jer_33	1	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the second time, while he was yet shut up in the court of the prison, saying,
Jer_33	2	Thus saith the LORD the maker thereof, the LORD that formed it, to establish it; the LORD is his name;
Jer_33	3	Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and shew thee great and mighty things, which thou knowest not.
Jer_33	4	For thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, concerning the houses of this city, and concerning the houses of the kings of Judah, which are thrown down by the mounts, and by the sword;
Jer_33	5	They come to fight with the Chaldeans, but it is to fill them with the dead bodies of men, whom I have slain in mine anger and in my fury, and for all whose wickedness I have hid my face from this city.
Jer_33	6	Behold, I will bring it health and cure, and I will cure them, and will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth.
Jer_33	7	And I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of Israel to return, and will build them, as at the first.
Jer_33	8	And I will cleanse them from all their iniquity, whereby they have sinned against me; and I will pardon all their iniquities, whereby they have sinned, and whereby they have transgressed against me.
Jer_33	9	And it shall be to me a name of joy, a praise and an honour before all the nations of the earth, which shall hear all the good that I do unto them: and they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and for all the prosperity that I procure unto it.
Jer_33	10	Thus saith the LORD; Again there shall be heard in this place, which ye say shall be desolate without man and without beast, even in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, that are desolate, without man, and without inhabitant, and without beast,
Jer_33	11	The voice of joy, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the voice of them that shall say, Praise the LORD of hosts: for the LORD is good; for his mercy endureth for ever: and of them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the LORD. For I will cause to return the captivity of the land, as at the first, saith the LORD.
Jer_33	12	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Again in this place, which is desolate without man and without beast, and in all the cities thereof, shall be an habitation of shepherds causing their flocks to lie down.
Jer_33	13	In the cities of the mountains, in the cities of the vale, and in the cities of the south, and in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, shall the flocks pass again under the hands of him that telleth them, saith the LORD.
Jer_33	14	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will perform that good thing which I have promised unto the house of Israel and to the house of Judah.
Jer_33	15	In those days, and at that time, will I cause the Branch of righteousness to grow up unto David; and he shall execute judgment and righteousness in the land.
Jer_33	16	In those days shall Judah be saved, and Jerusalem shall dwell safely: and this is the name wherewith she shall be called, The LORD our righteousness.
Jer_33	17	For thus saith the LORD; David shall never want a man to sit upon the throne of the house of Israel;
Jer_33	18	Neither shall the priests the Levites want a man before me to offer burnt offerings, and to kindle meat offerings, and to do sacrifice continually.
Jer_33	19	And the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah, saying,
Jer_33	20	Thus saith the LORD; If ye can break my covenant of the day, and my covenant of the night, and that there should not be day and night in their season;
Jer_33	21	Then may also my covenant be broken with David my servant, that he should not have a son to reign upon his throne; and with the Levites the priests, my ministers.
Jer_33	22	As the host of heaven cannot be numbered, neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the seed of David my servant, and the Levites that minister unto me.
Jer_33	23	Moreover the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah, saying,
Jer_33	24	Considerest thou not what this people have spoken, saying, The two families which the LORD hath chosen, he hath even cast them off? thus they have despised my people, that they should be no more a nation before them.
Jer_33	25	Thus saith the LORD; If my covenant be not with day and night, and if I have not appointed the ordinances of heaven and earth;
Jer_33	26	Then will I cast away the seed of Jacob, and David my servant, so that I will not take any of his seed to be rulers over the seed of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob: for I will cause their captivity to return, and have mercy on them.
Jer_7	1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,
Jer_7	2	Stand in the gate of the LORD'S house, and proclaim there this word, and say, Hear the word of the LORD, all ye of Judah, that enter in at these gates to worship the LORD.
Jer_7	3	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, Amend your ways and your doings, and I will cause you to dwell in this place.
Jer_7	4	Trust ye not in lying words, saying, The temple of the LORD, The temple of the LORD, The temple of the LORD, are these.
Jer_7	5	For if ye throughly amend your ways and your doings; if ye throughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour;
Jer_7	6	If ye oppress not the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, and shed not innocent blood in this place, neither walk after other gods to your hurt:
Jer_7	7	Then will I cause you to dwell in this place, in the land that I gave to your fathers, for ever and ever.
Jer_7	8	Behold, ye trust in lying words, that cannot profit.
Jer_7	9	Will ye steal, murder, and commit adultery, and swear falsely, and burn incense unto Baal, and walk after other gods whom ye know not;
Jer_7	10	And come and stand before me in this house, which is called by my name, and say, We are delivered to do all these abominations?
Jer_7	11	Is this house, which is called by my name, become a den of robbers in your eyes? Behold, even I have seen it, saith the LORD.
Jer_7	12	But go ye now unto my place which was in Shiloh, where I set my name at the first, and see what I did to it for the wickedness of my people Israel.
Jer_7	13	And now, because ye have done all these works, saith the LORD, and I spake unto you, rising up early and speaking, but ye heard not; and I called you, but ye answered not;
Jer_7	14	Therefore will I do unto this house, which is called by my name, wherein ye trust, and unto the place which I gave to you and to your fathers, as I have done to Shiloh.
Jer_7	15	And I will cast you out of my sight, as I have cast out all your brethren, even the whole seed of Ephraim.
Jer_7	16	Therefore pray not thou for this people, neither lift up cry nor prayer for them, neither make intercession to me: for I will not hear thee.
Jer_7	17	Seest thou not what they do in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem?
Jer_7	18	The children gather wood, and the fathers kindle the fire, and the women knead their dough, to make cakes to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto other gods, that they may provoke me to anger.
Jer_7	19	Do they provoke me to anger? saith the LORD: do they not provoke themselves to the confusion of their own faces?
Jer_7	20	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, mine anger and my fury shall be poured out upon this place, upon man, and upon beast, and upon the trees of the field, and upon the fruit of the ground; and it shall burn, and shall not be quenched.
Jer_7	21	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Put your burnt offerings unto your sacrifices, and eat flesh.
Jer_7	22	For I spake not unto your fathers, nor commanded them in the day that I brought them out of the land of Egypt, concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices:
Jer_7	23	But this thing commanded I them, saying, Obey my voice, and I will be your God, and ye shall be my people: and walk ye in all the ways that I have commanded you, that it may be well unto you.
Jer_7	24	But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear, but walked in the counsels and in the imagination of their evil heart, and went backward, and not forward.
Jer_7	25	Since the day that your fathers came forth out of the land of Egypt unto this day I have even sent unto you all my servants the prophets, daily rising up early and sending them:
Jer_7	26	Yet they hearkened not unto me, nor inclined their ear, but hardened their neck: they did worse than their fathers.
Jer_7	27	Therefore thou shalt speak all these words unto them; but they will not hearken to thee: thou shalt also call unto them; but they will not answer thee.
Jer_7	28	But thou shalt say unto them, This is a nation that obeyeth not the voice of the LORD their God, nor receiveth correction: truth is perished, and is cut off from their mouth.
Jer_7	29	Cut off thine hair, O Jerusalem, and cast it away, and take up a lamentation on high places; for the LORD hath rejected and forsaken the generation of his wrath.
Jer_7	30	For the children of Judah have done evil in my sight, saith the LORD: they have set their abominations in the house which is called by my name, to pollute it.
Jer_7	31	And they have built the high places of Tophet, which is in the valley of the son of Hinnom, to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire; which I commanded them not, neither came it into my heart.
Jer_7	32	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that it shall no more be called Tophet, nor the valley of the son of Hinnom, but the valley of slaughter: for they shall bury in Tophet, till there be no place.
Jer_7	33	And the carcases of this people shall be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth; and none shall fray them away.
Jer_7	34	Then will I cause to cease from the cities of Judah, and from the streets of Jerusalem, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride: for the land shall be desolate.
Joel_2	1	Blow ye the trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm in my holy mountain: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the LORD cometh, for it is nigh at hand;
Joel_2	2	A day of darkness and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of thick darkness, as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years of many generations.
Joel_2	3	A fire devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burneth: the land is as the garden of Eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness; yea, and nothing shall escape them.
Joel_2	4	The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall they run.
Joel_2	5	Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they leap, like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble, as a strong people set in battle array.
Joel_2	6	Before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness.
Joel_2	7	They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks:
Joel_2	8	Neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall upon the sword, they shall not be wounded.
Joel_2	9	They shall run to and fro in the city; they shall run upon the wall, they shall climb up upon the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief.
Joel_2	10	The earth shall quake before them; the heavens shall tremble: the sun and the moon shall be dark, and the stars shall withdraw their shining:
Joel_2	11	And the LORD shall utter his voice before his army: for his camp is very great: for he is strong that executeth his word: for the day of the LORD is great and very terrible; and who can abide it?
Joel_2	12	Therefore also now, saith the LORD, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning:
Joel_2	13	And rend your heart, and not your garments, and turn unto the LORD your God: for he is gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repenteth him of the evil.
Joel_2	14	Who knoweth if he will return and repent, and leave a blessing behind him; even a meat offering and a drink offering unto the LORD your God?
Joel_2	15	Blow the trumpet in Zion, sanctify a fast, call a solemn assembly:
Joel_2	16	Gather the people, sanctify the congregation, assemble the elders, gather the children, and those that suck the breasts: let the bridegroom go forth of his chamber, and the bride out of her closet.
Joel_2	17	Let the priests, the ministers of the LORD, weep between the porch and the altar, and let them say, Spare thy people, O LORD, and give not thine heritage to reproach, that the heathen should rule over them: wherefore should they say among the people, Where is their God?
Joel_2	18	Then will the LORD be jealous for his land, and pity his people.
Joel_2	19	Yea, the LORD will answer and say unto his people, Behold, I will send you corn, and wine, and oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith: and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen:
Joel_2	20	But I will remove far off from you the northern army, and will drive him into a land barren and desolate, with his face toward the east sea, and his hinder part toward the utmost sea, and his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, because he hath done great things.
Joel_2	21	Fear not, O land; be glad and rejoice: for the LORD will do great things.
Joel_2	22	Be not afraid, ye beasts of the field: for the pastures of the wilderness do spring, for the tree beareth her fruit, the fig tree and the vine do yield their strength.
Joel_2	23	Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month.
Joel_2	24	And the floors shall be full of wheat, and the fats shall overflow with wine and oil.
Joel_2	25	And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the caterpiller, and the palmerworm, my great army which I sent among you.
Joel_2	26	And ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the LORD your God, that hath dealt wondrously with you: and my people shall never be ashamed.
Joel_2	27	And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the LORD your God, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed.
Joel_2	28	And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:
Joel_2	29	And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit.
Joel_2	30	And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke.
Joel_2	31	The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and the terrible day of the LORD come.
Joel_2	32	And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the LORD shall be delivered: for in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the LORD hath said, and in the remnant whom the LORD shall call.
John_3	1	There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews:
John_3	2	The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.
John_3	3	Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.
John_3	4	Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be born?
John_3	5	Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
John_3	6	That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
John_3	7	Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.
John_3	8	The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is born of the Spirit.
John_3	9	Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be?
John_3	10	Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things?
John_3	11	Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
John_3	12	If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
John_3	13	And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.
John_3	14	And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:
John_3	15	That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
John_3	16	For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
John_3	17	For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
John_3	18	He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.
John_3	19	And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.
John_3	20	For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.
John_3	21	But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.
John_3	22	After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the land of Judaea; and there he tarried with them, and baptized.
John_3	23	And John also was baptizing in Aenon near to Salim, because there was much water there: and they came, and were baptized.
John_3	24	For John was not yet cast into prison.
John_3	25	Then there arose a question between some of John's disciples and the Jews about purifying.
John_3	26	And they came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he that was with thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou barest witness, behold, the same baptizeth, and all men come to him.
John_3	27	John answered and said, A man can receive nothing, except it be given him from heaven.
John_3	28	Ye yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ, but that I am sent before him.
John_3	29	He that hath the bride is the bridegroom: but the friend of the bridegroom, which standeth and heareth him, rejoiceth greatly because of the bridegroom's voice: this my joy therefore is fulfilled.
John_3	30	He must increase, but I must decrease.
John_3	31	He that cometh from above is above all: he that is of the earth is earthly, and speaketh of the earth: he that cometh from heaven is above all.
John_3	32	And what he hath seen and heard, that he testifieth; and no man receiveth his testimony.
John_3	33	He that hath received his testimony hath set to his seal that God is true.
John_3	34	For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.
John_3	35	The Father loveth the Son, and hath given all things into his hand.
John_3	36	He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.
Luke_12	1	In the mean time, when there were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people, insomuch that they trode one upon another, he began to say unto his disciples first of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy.
Luke_12	2	For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known.
Luke_12	3	Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light; and that which ye have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops.
Luke_12	4	And I say unto you my friends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do.
Luke_12	5	But I will forewarn you whom ye shall fear: Fear him, which after he hath killed hath power to cast into hell; yea, I say unto you, Fear him.
Luke_12	6	Are not five sparrows sold for two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before God?
Luke_12	7	But even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Fear not therefore: ye are of more value than many sparrows.
Luke_12	8	Also I say unto you, Whosoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God:
Luke_12	9	But he that denieth me before men shall be denied before the angels of God.
Luke_12	10	And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.
Luke_12	11	And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say:
Luke_12	12	For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say.
Luke_12	13	And one of the company said unto him, Master, speak to my brother, that he divide the inheritance with me.
Luke_12	14	And he said unto him, Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you?
Luke_12	15	And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.
Luke_12	16	And he spake a parable unto them, saying, The ground of a certain rich man brought forth plentifully:
Luke_12	17	And he thought within himself, saying, What shall I do, because I have no room where to bestow my fruits?
Luke_12	18	And he said, This will I do: I will pull down my barns, and build greater; and there will I bestow all my fruits and my goods.
Luke_12	19	And I will say to my soul, Soul, thou hast much goods laid up for many years; take thine ease, eat, drink, and be merry.
Luke_12	20	But God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou hast provided?
Luke_12	21	So is he that layeth up treasure for himself, and is not rich toward God.
Luke_12	22	And he said unto his disciples, Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat; neither for the body, what ye shall put on.
Luke_12	23	The life is more than meat, and the body is more than raiment.
Luke_12	24	Consider the ravens: for they neither sow nor reap; which neither have storehouse nor barn; and God feedeth them: how much more are ye better than the fowls?
Luke_12	25	And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?
Luke_12	26	If ye then be not able to do that thing which is least, why take ye thought for the rest?
Luke_12	27	Consider the lilies how they grow: they toil not, they spin not; and yet I say unto you, that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
Luke_12	28	If then God so clothe the grass, which is to day in the field, and to morrow is cast into the oven; how much more will he clothe you, O ye of little faith?
Luke_12	29	And seek not ye what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink, neither be ye of doubtful mind.
Luke_12	30	For all these things do the nations of the world seek after: and your Father knoweth that ye have need of these things.
Luke_12	31	But rather seek ye the kingdom of God; and all these things shall be added unto you.
Luke_12	32	Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom.
Luke_12	33	Sell that ye have, and give alms; provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that faileth not, where no thief approacheth, neither moth corrupteth.
Luke_12	34	For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Luke_12	35	Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning;
Luke_12	36	And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord, when he will return from the wedding; that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him immediately.
Luke_12	37	Blessed are those servants, whom the lord when he cometh shall find watching: verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them.
Luke_12	38	And if he shall come in the second watch, or come in the third watch, and find them so, blessed are those servants.
Luke_12	39	And this know, that if the goodman of the house had known what hour the thief would come, he would have watched, and not have suffered his house to be broken through.
Luke_12	40	Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not.
Luke_12	41	Then Peter said unto him, Lord, speakest thou this parable unto us, or even to all?
Luke_12	42	And the Lord said, Who then is that faithful and wise steward, whom his lord shall make ruler over his household, to give them their portion of meat in due season?
Luke_12	43	Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing.
Luke_12	44	Of a truth I say unto you, that he will make him ruler over all that he hath.
Luke_12	45	But and if that servant say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming; and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens, and to eat and drink, and to be drunken;
Luke_12	46	The lord of that servant will come in a day when he looketh not for him, and at an hour when he is not aware, and will cut him in sunder, and will appoint him his portion with the unbelievers.
Luke_12	47	And that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes.
Luke_12	48	But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes. For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more.
Luke_12	49	I am come to send fire on the earth; and what will I, if it be already kindled?
Luke_12	50	But I have a baptism to be baptized with; and how am I straitened till it be accomplished!
Luke_12	51	Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division:
Luke_12	52	For from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided, three against two, and two against three.
Luke_12	53	The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother; the mother in law against her daughter in law, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.
Luke_12	54	And he said also to the people, When ye see a cloud rise out of the west, straightway ye say, There cometh a shower; and so it is.
Luke_12	55	And when ye see the south wind blow, ye say, There will be heat; and it cometh to pass.
Luke_12	56	Ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky and of the earth; but how is it that ye do not discern this time?
Luke_12	57	Yea, and why even of yourselves judge ye not what is right?
Luke_12	58	When thou goest with thine adversary to the magistrate, as thou art in the way, give diligence that thou mayest be delivered from him; lest he hale thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and the officer cast thee into prison.
Luke_12	59	I tell thee, thou shalt not depart thence, till thou hast paid the very last mite.
Luke_14	1	And it came to pass, as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, that they watched him.
Luke_14	2	And, behold, there was a certain man before him which had the dropsy.
Luke_14	3	And Jesus answering spake unto the lawyers and Pharisees, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day?
Luke_14	4	And they held their peace. And he took him, and healed him, and let him go;
Luke_14	5	And answered them, saying, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day?
Luke_14	6	And they could not answer him again to these things.
Luke_14	7	And he put forth a parable to those which were bidden, when he marked how they chose out the chief rooms; saying unto them,
Luke_14	8	When thou art bidden of any man to a wedding, sit not down in the highest room; lest a more honourable man than thou be bidden of him;
Luke_14	9	And he that bade thee and him come and say to thee, Give this man place; and thou begin with shame to take the lowest room.
Luke_14	10	But when thou art bidden, go and sit down in the lowest room; that when he that bade thee cometh, he may say unto thee, Friend, go up higher: then shalt thou have worship in the presence of them that sit at meat with thee.
Luke_14	11	For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.
Luke_14	12	Then said he also to him that bade him, When thou makest a dinner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbours; lest they also bid thee again, and a recompence be made thee.
Luke_14	13	But when thou makest a feast, call the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind:
Luke_14	14	And thou shalt be blessed; for they cannot recompense thee: for thou shalt be recompensed at the resurrection of the just.
Luke_14	15	And when one of them that sat at meat with him heard these things, he said unto him, Blessed is he that shall eat bread in the kingdom of God.
Luke_14	16	Then said he unto him, A certain man made a great supper, and bade many:
Luke_14	17	And sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden, Come; for all things are now ready.
Luke_14	18	And they all with one consent began to make excuse. The first said unto him, I have bought a piece of ground, and I must needs go and see it: I pray thee have me excused.
Luke_14	19	And another said, I have bought five yoke of oxen, and I go to prove them: I pray thee have me excused.
Luke_14	20	And another said, I have married a wife, and therefore I cannot come.
Luke_14	21	So that servant came, and shewed his lord these things. Then the master of the house being angry said to his servant, Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in hither the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind.
Luke_14	22	And the servant said, Lord, it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room.
Luke_14	23	And the lord said unto the servant, Go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled.
Luke_14	24	For I say unto you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper.
Luke_14	25	And there went great multitudes with him: and he turned, and said unto them,
Luke_14	26	If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.
Luke_14	27	And whosoever doth not bear his cross, and come after me, cannot be my disciple.
Luke_14	28	For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it?
Luke_14	29	Lest haply, after he hath laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that behold it begin to mock him,
Luke_14	30	Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish.
Luke_14	31	Or what king, going to make war against another king, sitteth not down first, and consulteth whether he be able with ten thousand to meet him that cometh against him with twenty thousand?
Luke_14	32	Or else, while the other is yet a great way off, he sendeth an ambassage, and desireth conditions of peace.
Luke_14	33	So likewise, whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple.
Luke_14	34	Salt is good: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be seasoned?
Luke_14	35	It is neither fit for the land, nor yet for the dunghill; but men cast it out. He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Luke_5	1	And it came to pass, that, as the people pressed upon him to hear the word of God, he stood by the lake of Gennesaret,
Luke_5	2	And saw two ships standing by the lake: but the fishermen were gone out of them, and were washing their nets.
Luke_5	3	And he entered into one of the ships, which was Simon's, and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the land. And he sat down, and taught the people out of the ship.
Luke_5	4	Now when he had left speaking, he said unto Simon, Launch out into the deep, and let down your nets for a draught.
Luke_5	5	And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy word I will let down the net.
Luke_5	6	And when they had this done, they inclosed a great multitude of fishes: and their net brake.
Luke_5	7	And they beckoned unto their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink.
Luke_5	8	When Simon Peter saw it, he fell down at Jesus' knees, saying, Depart from me; for I am a sinful man, O Lord.
Luke_5	9	For he was astonished, and all that were with him, at the draught of the fishes which they had taken:
Luke_5	10	And so was also James, and John, the sons of Zebedee, which were partners with Simon. And Jesus said unto Simon, Fear not; from henceforth thou shalt catch men.
Luke_5	11	And when they had brought their ships to land, they forsook all, and followed him.
Luke_5	12	And it came to pass, when he was in a certain city, behold a man full of leprosy: who seeing Jesus fell on his face, and besought him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.
Luke_5	13	And he put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him.
Luke_5	14	And he charged him to tell no man: but go, and shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing, according as Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.
Luke_5	15	But so much the more went there a fame abroad of him: and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by him of their infirmities.
Luke_5	16	And he withdrew himself into the wilderness, and prayed.
Luke_5	17	And it came to pass on a certain day, as he was teaching, that there were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by, which were come out of every town of Galilee, and Judaea, and Jerusalem: and the power of the Lord was present to heal them.
Luke_5	18	And, behold, men brought in a bed a man which was taken with a palsy: and they sought means to bring him in, and to lay him before him.
Luke_5	19	And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in because of the multitude, they went upon the housetop, and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the midst before Jesus.
Luke_5	20	And when he saw their faith, he said unto him, Man, thy sins are forgiven thee.
Luke_5	21	And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone?
Luke_5	22	But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them, What reason ye in your hearts?
Luke_5	23	Whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Rise up and walk?
Luke_5	24	But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power upon earth to forgive sins, (he said unto the sick of the palsy,) I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy couch, and go into thine house.
Luke_5	25	And immediately he rose up before them, and took up that whereon he lay, and departed to his own house, glorifying God.
Luke_5	26	And they were all amazed, and they glorified God, and were filled with fear, saying, We have seen strange things to day.
Luke_5	27	And after these things he went forth, and saw a publican, named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he said unto him, Follow me.
Luke_5	28	And he left all, rose up, and followed him.
Luke_5	29	And Levi made him a great feast in his own house: and there was a great company of publicans and of others that sat down with them.
Luke_5	30	But their scribes and Pharisees murmured against his disciples, saying, Why do ye eat and drink with publicans and sinners?
Luke_5	31	And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick.
Luke_5	32	I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Luke_5	33	And they said unto him, Why do the disciples of John fast often, and make prayers, and likewise the disciples of the Pharisees; but thine eat and drink?
Luke_5	34	And he said unto them, Can ye make the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them?
Luke_5	35	But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days.
Luke_5	36	And he spake also a parable unto them; No man putteth a piece of a new garment upon an old; if otherwise, then both the new maketh a rent, and the piece that was taken out of the new agreeth not with the old.
Luke_5	37	And no man putteth new wine into old bottles; else the new wine will burst the bottles, and be spilled, and the bottles shall perish.
Luke_5	38	But new wine must be put into new bottles; and both are preserved.
Luke_5	39	No man also having drunk old wine straightway desireth new: for he saith, The old is better.
Mark_2	1	And again he entered into Capernaum after some days; and it was noised that he was in the house.
Mark_2	2	And straightway many were gathered together, insomuch that there was no room to receive them, no, not so much as about the door: and he preached the word unto them.
Mark_2	3	And they come unto him, bringing one sick of the palsy, which was borne of four.
Mark_2	4	And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay.
Mark_2	5	When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the palsy, Son, thy sins be forgiven thee.
Mark_2	6	But there were certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in their hearts,
Mark_2	7	Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can forgive sins but God only?
Mark_2	8	And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves, he said unto them, Why reason ye these things in your hearts?
Mark_2	9	Whether is it easier to say to the sick of the palsy, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and take up thy bed, and walk?
Mark_2	10	But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (he saith to the sick of the palsy,)
Mark_2	11	I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy bed, and go thy way into thine house.
Mark_2	12	And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion.
Mark_2	13	And he went forth again by the sea side; and all the multitude resorted unto him, and he taught them.
Mark_2	14	And as he passed by, he saw Levi the son of Alphaeus sitting at the receipt of custom, and said unto him, Follow me. And he arose and followed him.
Mark_2	15	And it came to pass, that, as Jesus sat at meat in his house, many publicans and sinners sat also together with Jesus and his disciples: for there were many, and they followed him.
Mark_2	16	And when the scribes and Pharisees saw him eat with publicans and sinners, they said unto his disciples, How is it that he eateth and drinketh with publicans and sinners?
Mark_2	17	When Jesus heard it, he saith unto them, They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Mark_2	18	And the disciples of John and of the Pharisees used to fast: and they come and say unto him, Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fast, but thy disciples fast not?
Mark_2	19	And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them? as long as they have the bridegroom with them, they cannot fast.
Mark_2	20	But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days.
Mark_2	21	No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment: else the new piece that filled it up taketh away from the old, and the rent is made worse.
Mark_2	22	And no man putteth new wine into old bottles: else the new wine doth burst the bottles, and the wine is spilled, and the bottles will be marred: but new wine must be put into new bottles.
Mark_2	23	And it came to pass, that he went through the corn fields on the sabbath day; and his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of corn.
Mark_2	24	And the Pharisees said unto him, Behold, why do they on the sabbath day that which is not lawful?
Mark_2	25	And he said unto them, Have ye never read what David did, when he had need, and was an hungred, he, and they that were with him?
Mark_2	26	How he went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and did eat the shewbread, which is not lawful to eat but for the priests, and gave also to them which were with him?
Mark_2	27	And he said unto them, The sabbath was made for man, and not man for the sabbath:
Mark_2	28	Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath.
Matt_22	1	And Jesus answered and spake unto them again by parables, and said,
Matt_22	2	The kingdom of heaven is like unto a certain king, which made a marriage for his son,
Matt_22	3	And sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden to the wedding: and they would not come.
Matt_22	4	Again, he sent forth other servants, saying, Tell them which are bidden, Behold, I have prepared my dinner: my oxen and my fatlings are killed, and all things are ready: come unto the marriage.
Matt_22	5	But they made light of it, and went their ways, one to his farm, another to his merchandise:
Matt_22	6	And the remnant took his servants, and entreated them spitefully, and slew them.
Matt_22	7	But when the king heard thereof, he was wroth: and he sent forth his armies, and destroyed those murderers, and burned up their city.
Matt_22	8	Then saith he to his servants, The wedding is ready, but they which were bidden were not worthy.
Matt_22	9	Go ye therefore into the highways, and as many as ye shall find, bid to the marriage.
Matt_22	10	So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests.
Matt_22	11	And when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment:
Matt_22	12	And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless.
Matt_22	13	Then said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast him into outer darkness; there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Matt_22	14	For many are called, but few are chosen.
Matt_22	15	Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk.
Matt_22	16	And they sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man: for thou regardest not the person of men.
Matt_22	17	Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not?
Matt_22	18	But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites?
Matt_22	19	Shew me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny.
Matt_22	20	And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription?
Matt_22	21	They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's.
Matt_22	22	When they had heard these words, they marvelled, and left him, and went their way.
Matt_22	23	The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is no resurrection, and asked him,
Matt_22	24	Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.
Matt_22	25	Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother:
Matt_22	26	Likewise the second also, and the third, unto the seventh.
Matt_22	27	And last of all the woman died also.
Matt_22	28	Therefore in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the seven? for they all had her.
Matt_22	29	Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God.
Matt_22	30	For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.
Matt_22	31	But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read that which was spoken unto you by God, saying,
Matt_22	32	I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob? God is not the God of the dead, but of the living.
Matt_22	33	And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine.
Matt_22	34	But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together.
Matt_22	35	Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying,
Matt_22	36	Master, which is the great commandment in the law?
Matt_22	37	Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.
Matt_22	38	This is the first and great commandment.
Matt_22	39	And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Matt_22	40	On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.
Matt_22	41	While the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them,
Matt_22	42	Saying, What think ye of Christ? whose son is he? They say unto him, The Son of David.
Matt_22	43	He saith unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying,
Matt_22	44	The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool?
Matt_22	45	If David then call him Lord, how is he his son?
Matt_22	46	And no man was able to answer him a word, neither durst any man from that day forth ask him any more questions.
Matt_25	1	Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom.
Matt_25	2	And five of them were wise, and five were foolish.
Matt_25	3	They that were foolish took their lamps, and took no oil with them:
Matt_25	4	But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.
Matt_25	5	While the bridegroom tarried, they all slumbered and slept.
Matt_25	6	And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet him.
Matt_25	7	Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps.
Matt_25	8	And the foolish said unto the wise, Give us of your oil; for our lamps are gone out.
Matt_25	9	But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest there be not enough for us and you: but go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves.
Matt_25	10	And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage: and the door was shut.
Matt_25	11	Afterward came also the other virgins, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us.
Matt_25	12	But he answered and said, Verily I say unto you, I know you not.
Matt_25	13	Watch therefore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man cometh.
Matt_25	14	For the kingdom of heaven is as a man travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods.
Matt_25	15	And unto one he gave five talents, to another two, and to another one; to every man according to his several ability; and straightway took his journey.
Matt_25	16	Then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same, and made them other five talents.
Matt_25	17	And likewise he that had received two, he also gained other two.
Matt_25	18	But he that had received one went and digged in the earth, and hid his lord's money.
Matt_25	19	After a long time the lord of those servants cometh, and reckoneth with them.
Matt_25	20	And so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me five talents: behold, I have gained beside them five talents more.
Matt_25	21	His lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.
Matt_25	22	He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me two talents: behold, I have gained two other talents beside them.
Matt_25	23	His lord said unto him, Well done, good and faithful servant; thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.
Matt_25	24	Then he which had received the one talent came and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strawed:
Matt_25	25	And I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth: lo, there thou hast that is thine.
Matt_25	26	His lord answered and said unto him, Thou wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strawed:
Matt_25	27	Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury.
Matt_25	28	Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath ten talents.
Matt_25	29	For unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath.
Matt_25	30	And cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Matt_25	31	When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory:
Matt_25	32	And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats:
Matt_25	33	And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left.
Matt_25	34	Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:
Matt_25	35	For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in:
Matt_25	36	Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me.
Matt_25	37	Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?
Matt_25	38	When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee?
Matt_25	39	Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee?
Matt_25	40	And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.
Matt_25	41	Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels:
Matt_25	42	For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink:
Matt_25	43	I was a stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not.
Matt_25	44	Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto thee?
Matt_25	45	Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me.
Matt_25	46	And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.
Matt_9	1	And he entered into a ship, and passed over, and came into his own city.
Matt_9	2	And, behold, they brought to him a man sick of the palsy, lying on a bed: and Jesus seeing their faith said unto the sick of the palsy; Son, be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee.
Matt_9	3	And, behold, certain of the scribes said within themselves, This man blasphemeth.
Matt_9	4	And Jesus knowing their thoughts said, Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts?
Matt_9	5	For whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and walk?
Matt_9	6	But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (then saith he to the sick of the palsy,) Arise, take up thy bed, and go unto thine house.
Matt_9	7	And he arose, and departed to his house.
Matt_9	8	But when the multitudes saw it, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had given such power unto men.
Matt_9	9	And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Follow me. And he arose, and followed him.
Matt_9	10	And it came to pass, as Jesus sat at meat in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples.
Matt_9	11	And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his disciples, Why eateth your Master with publicans and sinners?
Matt_9	12	But when Jesus heard that, he said unto them, They that be whole need not a physician, but they that are sick.
Matt_9	13	But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Matt_9	14	Then came to him the disciples of John, saying, Why do we and the Pharisees fast oft, but thy disciples fast not?
Matt_9	15	And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber mourn, as long as the bridegroom is with them? but the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken from them, and then shall they fast.
Matt_9	16	No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment, and the rent is made worse.
Matt_9	17	Neither do men put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they put new wine into new bottles, and both are preserved.
Matt_9	18	While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.
Matt_9	19	And Jesus arose, and followed him, and so did his disciples.
Matt_9	20	And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:
Matt_9	21	For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.
Matt_9	22	But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.
Matt_9	23	And when Jesus came into the ruler's house, and saw the minstrels and the people making a noise,
Matt_9	24	He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed him to scorn.
Matt_9	25	But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.
Matt_9	26	And the fame hereof went abroad into all that land.
Matt_9	27	And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou Son of David, have mercy on us.
Matt_9	28	And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord.
Matt_9	29	Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.
Matt_9	30	And their eyes were opened; and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, See that no man know it.
Matt_9	31	But they, when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all that country.
Matt_9	32	As they went out, behold, they brought to him a dumb man possessed with a devil.
Matt_9	33	And when the devil was cast out, the dumb spake: and the multitudes marvelled, saying, It was never so seen in Israel.
Matt_9	34	But the Pharisees said, He casteth out devils through the prince of the devils.
Matt_9	35	And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people.
Matt_9	36	But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having no shepherd.
Matt_9	37	Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few;
Matt_9	38	Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest.
Ps_45	1	My heart is inditing a good matter: I speak of the things which I have made touching the king: my tongue is the pen of a ready writer.
Ps_45	2	Thou art fairer than the children of men: grace is poured into thy lips: therefore God hath blessed thee for ever.
Ps_45	3	Gird thy sword upon thy thigh, O most mighty, with thy glory and thy majesty.
Ps_45	4	And in thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things.
Ps_45	5	Thine arrows are sharp in the heart of the king's enemies; whereby the people fall under thee.
Ps_45	6	Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre.
Ps_45	7	Thou lovest righteousness, and hatest wickedness: therefore God, thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.
Ps_45	8	All thy garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia, out of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad.
Ps_45	9	Kings' daughters were among thy honourable women: upon thy right hand did stand the queen in gold of Ophir.
Ps_45	10	Hearken, O daughter, and consider, and incline thine ear; forget also thine own people, and thy father's house;
Ps_45	11	So shall the king greatly desire thy beauty: for he is thy Lord; and worship thou him.
Ps_45	12	And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift; even the rich among the people shall intreat thy favour.
Ps_45	13	The king's daughter is all glorious within: her clothing is of wrought gold.
Ps_45	14	She shall be brought unto the king in raiment of needlework: the virgins her companions that follow her shall be brought unto thee.
Ps_45	15	With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought: they shall enter into the king's palace.
Ps_45	16	Instead of thy fathers shall be thy children, whom thou mayest make princes in all the earth.
Ps_45	17	I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations: therefore shall the people praise thee for ever and ever.
Rev_1	1	The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John:
Rev_1	2	Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw.
Rev_1	3	Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.
Rev_1	4	John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace be unto you, and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before his throne;
Rev_1	5	And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood,
Rev_1	6	And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
Rev_1	7	Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.
Rev_1	8	I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.
Rev_1	9	I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that is called Patmos, for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ.
Rev_1	10	I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet,
Rev_1	11	Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.
Rev_1	12	And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks;
Rev_1	13	And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle.
Rev_1	14	His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire;
Rev_1	15	And his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of many waters.
Rev_1	16	And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength.
Rev_1	17	And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last:
Rev_1	18	I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.
Rev_1	19	Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are, and the things which shall be hereafter;
Rev_1	20	The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.
Rev_17	1	And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters:
Rev_17	2	With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication.
Rev_17	3	So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness: and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns.
Rev_17	4	And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:
Rev_17	5	And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.
Rev_17	6	And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration.
Rev_17	7	And the angel said unto me, Wherefore didst thou marvel? I will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carrieth her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.
Rev_17	8	The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.
Rev_17	9	And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth.
Rev_17	10	And there are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is, and the other is not yet come; and when he cometh, he must continue a short space.
Rev_17	11	And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven, and goeth into perdition.
Rev_17	12	And the ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings, which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour with the beast.
Rev_17	13	These have one mind, and shall give their power and strength unto the beast.
Rev_17	14	These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.
Rev_17	15	And he saith unto me, The waters which thou sawest, where the whore sitteth, are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues.
Rev_17	16	And the ten horns which thou sawest upon the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire.
Rev_17	17	For God hath put in their hearts to fulfil his will, and to agree, and give their kingdom unto the beast, until the words of God shall be fulfilled.
Rev_17	18	And the woman which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth.
Rev_18	1	And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power; and the earth was lightened with his glory.
Rev_18	2	And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird.
Rev_18	3	For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies.
Rev_18	4	And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.
Rev_18	5	For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities.
Rev_18	6	Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works: in the cup which she hath filled fill to her double.
Rev_18	7	How much she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give her: for she saith in her heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow.
Rev_18	8	Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her.
Rev_18	9	And the kings of the earth, who have committed fornication and lived deliciously with her, shall bewail her, and lament for her, when they shall see the smoke of her burning,
Rev_18	10	Standing afar off for the fear of her torment, saying, Alas, alas, that great city Babylon, that mighty city! for in one hour is thy judgment come.
Rev_18	11	And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her; for no man buyeth their merchandise any more:
Rev_18	12	The merchandise of gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner vessels of ivory, and all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of brass, and iron, and marble,
Rev_18	13	And cinnamon, and odours, and ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men.
Rev_18	14	And the fruits that thy soul lusted after are departed from thee, and all things which were dainty and goodly are departed from thee, and thou shalt find them no more at all.
Rev_18	15	The merchants of these things, which were made rich by her, shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing,
Rev_18	16	And saying, Alas, alas, that great city, that was clothed in fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls!
Rev_18	17	For in one hour so great riches is come to nought. And every shipmaster, and all the company in ships, and sailors, and as many as trade by sea, stood afar off,
Rev_18	18	And cried when they saw the smoke of her burning, saying, What city is like unto this great city!
Rev_18	19	And they cast dust on their heads, and cried, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas, that great city, wherein were made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her costliness! for in one hour is she made desolate.
Rev_18	20	Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets; for God hath avenged you on her.
Rev_18	21	And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all.
Rev_18	22	And the voice of harpers, and musicians, and of pipers, and trumpeters, shall be heard no more at all in thee; and no craftsman, of whatsoever craft he be, shall be found any more in thee; and the sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in thee;
Rev_18	23	And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived.
Rev_18	24	And in her was found the blood of prophets, and of saints, and of all that were slain upon the earth.
Rev_19	1	And after these things I heard a great voice of much people in heaven, saying, Alleluia; Salvation, and glory, and honour, and power, unto the Lord our God:
Rev_19	2	For true and righteous are his judgments: for he hath judged the great whore, which did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his servants at her hand.
Rev_19	3	And again they said, Alleluia. And her smoke rose up for ever and ever.
Rev_19	4	And the four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and worshipped God that sat on the throne, saying, Amen; Alleluia.
Rev_19	5	And a voice came out of the throne, saying, Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great.
Rev_19	6	And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth.
Rev_19	7	Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready.
Rev_19	8	And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints.
Rev_19	9	And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God.
Rev_19	10	And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.
Rev_19	11	And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war.
Rev_19	12	His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself.
Rev_19	13	And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called The Word of God.
Rev_19	14	And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean.
Rev_19	15	And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations: and he shall rule them with a rod of iron: and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God.
Rev_19	16	And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.
Rev_19	17	And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God;
Rev_19	18	That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great.
Rev_19	19	And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army.
Rev_19	20	And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
Rev_19	21	And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh.
Rev_21	1	And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.
Rev_21	2	And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.
Rev_21	3	And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God.
Rev_21	4	And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away.
Rev_21	5	And he that sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful.
Rev_21	6	And he said unto me, It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely.
Rev_21	7	He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son.
Rev_21	8	But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.
Rev_21	9	And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife.
Rev_21	10	And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God,
Rev_21	11	Having the glory of God: and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal;
Rev_21	12	And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel:
Rev_21	13	On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates.
Rev_21	14	And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.
Rev_21	15	And he that talked with me had a golden reed to measure the city, and the gates thereof, and the wall thereof.
Rev_21	16	And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal.
Rev_21	17	And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred and forty and four cubits, according to the measure of a man, that is, of the angel.
Rev_21	18	And the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the city was pure gold, like unto clear glass.
Rev_21	19	And the foundations of the wall of the city were garnished with all manner of precious stones. The first foundation was jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, a chalcedony; the fourth, an emerald;
Rev_21	20	The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolite; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth, an amethyst.
Rev_21	21	And the twelve gates were twelve pearls; every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass.
Rev_21	22	And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it.
Rev_21	23	And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.
Rev_21	24	And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it.
Rev_21	25	And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night there.
Rev_21	26	And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it.
Rev_21	27	And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb's book of life.
Rev_22	1	And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.
Rev_22	2	In the midst of the street of it, and on either side of the river, was there the tree of life, which bare twelve manner of fruits, and yielded her fruit every month: and the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations.
Rev_22	3	And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it; and his servants shall serve him:
Rev_22	4	And they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their foreheads.
Rev_22	5	And there shall be no night there; and they need no candle, neither light of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever and ever.
Rev_22	6	And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done.
Rev_22	7	Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book.
Rev_22	8	And I John saw these things, and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these things.
Rev_22	9	Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book: worship God.
Rev_22	10	And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book: for the time is at hand.
Rev_22	11	He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still.
Rev_22	12	And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be.
Rev_22	13	I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.
Rev_22	14	Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.
Rev_22	15	For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.
Rev_22	16	I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.
Rev_22	17	And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.
Rev_22	18	For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:
Rev_22	19	And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.
Rev_22	20	He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus.
Rev_22	21	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Rev_3	1	And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.
Rev_3	2	Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die: for I have not found thy works perfect before God.
Rev_3	3	Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard, and hold fast, and repent. If therefore thou shalt not watch, I will come on thee as a thief, and thou shalt not know what hour I will come upon thee.
Rev_3	4	Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy.
Rev_3	5	He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
Rev_3	6	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
Rev_3	7	And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no man openeth;
Rev_3	8	I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name.
Rev_3	9	Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee.
Rev_3	10	Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth.
Rev_3	11	Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown.
Rev_3	12	Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my God: and I will write upon him my new name.
Rev_3	13	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
Rev_3	14	And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God;
Rev_3	15	I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.
Rev_3	16	So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.
Rev_3	17	Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:
Rev_3	18	I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that thou mayest see.
Rev_3	19	As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent.
Rev_3	20	Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.
Rev_3	21	To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne.
Rev_3	22	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
Rom_11	1	I say then, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin.
Rom_11	2	God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel, saying,
Rom_11	3	Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and digged down thine altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life.
Rom_11	4	But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal.
Rom_11	5	Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.
Rom_11	6	And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then is it no more grace: otherwise work is no more work.
Rom_11	7	What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded
Rom_11	8	(According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) unto this day.
Rom_11	9	And David saith, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, and a stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them:
Rom_11	10	Let their eyes be darkened, that they may not see, and bow down their back alway.
Rom_11	11	I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy.
Rom_11	12	Now if the fall of them be the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them the riches of the Gentiles; how much more their fulness?
Rom_11	13	For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office:
Rom_11	14	If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them.
Rom_11	15	For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?
Rom_11	16	For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches.
Rom_11	17	And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a wild olive tree, wert graffed in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree;
Rom_11	18	Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee.
Rom_11	19	Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in.
Rom_11	20	Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear:
Rom_11	21	For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee.
Rom_11	22	Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in his goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off.
Rom_11	23	And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be graffed in: for God is able to graff them in again.
Rom_11	24	For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree?
Rom_11	25	For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in.
Rom_11	26	And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:
Rom_11	27	For this is my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins.
Rom_11	28	As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the fathers' sakes.
Rom_11	29	For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.
Rom_11	30	For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:
Rom_11	31	Even so have these also now not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy.
Rom_11	32	For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all.
Rom_11	33	O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! how unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past finding out!
Rom_11	34	For who hath known the mind of the Lord? or who hath been his counsellor?
Rom_11	35	Or who hath first given to him, and it shall be recompensed unto him again?
Rom_11	36	For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen.
Rom_7	1	Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth?
Rom_7	2	For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband.
Rom_7	3	So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man.
Rom_7	4	Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God.
Rom_7	5	For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death.
Rom_7	6	But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spirit, and not in the oldness of the letter.
Rom_7	7	What shall we say then? Is the law sin? God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin, but by the law: for I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet.
Rom_7	8	But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought in me all manner of concupiscence. For without the law sin was dead.
Rom_7	9	For I was alive without the law once: but when the commandment came, sin revived, and I died.
Rom_7	10	And the commandment, which was ordained to life, I found to be unto death.
Rom_7	11	For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by it slew me.
Rom_7	12	Wherefore the law is holy, and the commandment holy, and just, and good.
Rom_7	13	Was then that which is good made death unto me? God forbid. But sin, that it might appear sin, working death in me by that which is good; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful.
Rom_7	14	For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin.
Rom_7	15	For that which I do I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what I hate, that do I.
Rom_7	16	If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good.
Rom_7	17	Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.
Rom_7	18	For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh,) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not.
Rom_7	19	For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do.
Rom_7	20	Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.
Rom_7	21	I find then a law, that, when I would do good, evil is present with me.
Rom_7	22	For I delight in the law of God after the inward man:
Rom_7	23	But I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members.
Rom_7	24	O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death?
Rom_7	25	I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin.
Rom_9	1	I say the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost,
Rom_9	2	That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart.
Rom_9	3	For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh:
Rom_9	4	Who are Israelites; to whom pertaineth the adoption, and the glory, and the covenants, and the giving of the law, and the service of God, and the promises;
Rom_9	5	Whose are the fathers, and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came, who is over all, God blessed for ever. Amen.
Rom_9	6	Not as though the word of God hath taken none effect. For they are not all Israel, which are of Israel:
Rom_9	7	Neither, because they are the seed of Abraham, are they all children: but, In Isaac shall thy seed be called.
Rom_9	8	That is, They which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God: but the children of the promise are counted for the seed.
Rom_9	9	For this is the word of promise, At this time will I come, and Sara shall have a son.
Rom_9	10	And not only this; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac;
Rom_9	11	(For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;)
Rom_9	12	It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger.
Rom_9	13	As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.
Rom_9	14	What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid.
Rom_9	15	For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion.
Rom_9	16	So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.
Rom_9	17	For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, Even for this same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might shew my power in thee, and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth.
Rom_9	18	Therefore hath he mercy on whom he will have mercy, and whom he will he hardeneth.
Rom_9	19	Thou wilt say then unto me, Why doth he yet find fault? For who hath resisted his will?
Rom_9	20	Nay but, O man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, Why hast thou made me thus?
Rom_9	21	Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to make one vessel unto honour, and another unto dishonour?
Rom_9	22	What if God, willing to shew his wrath, and to make his power known, endured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction:
Rom_9	23	And that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy, which he had afore prepared unto glory,
Rom_9	24	Even us, whom he hath called, not of the Jews only, but also of the Gentiles?
Rom_9	25	As he saith also in Osee, I will call them my people, which were not my people; and her beloved, which was not beloved.
Rom_9	26	And it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God.
Rom_9	27	Esaias also crieth concerning Israel, Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved:
Rom_9	28	For he will finish the work, and cut it short in righteousness: because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth.
Rom_9	29	And as Esaias said before, Except the Lord of Sabaoth had left us a seed, we had been as Sodoma, and been made like unto Gomorrha.
Rom_9	30	What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, which followed not after righteousness, have attained to righteousness, even the righteousness which is of faith.
Rom_9	31	But Israel, which followed after the law of righteousness, hath not attained to the law of righteousness.
Rom_9	32	Wherefore? Because they sought it not by faith, but as it were by the works of the law. For they stumbled at that stumblingstone;
Rom_9	33	As it is written, Behold, I lay in Sion a stumblingstone and rock of offence: and whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.
